
Bryce W. Johnson
525 West Villa Maria Drive
Phoenix, AZ  85023
(602) 377-0393                             
Email:  bwjohnson78@gmail.com



OBJECTIVE:  
Secure a challenging and rewarding position that will allow me to make full use of my experience, leadership abilities, and technical training.

EDUCATION:
Southern Illinois University, Carbondale IL, December 2004
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering. 
Systems &amp; Controls, Signals &amp; Systems, Sequential Circuit Design, Computer System Architecture and Computer-Aided Design of Digital VLSI Systems.

EXPERIENCE:
Technical Lead.  Currently responsible for team of engineers for validation, integration, and testing for the Boeing 787-9 Primary Flight Controls System.

Parker Hannifin Corp., Aerospace Group, Systems Dept., Feb. 2011 - Present
Flight Control Systems - Systems Electronics.  Currently contributes for electronics design and requirements for all divisional Parker Fly-by-Wire control systems.  Significant contributor in proposal efforts for electronics for a variety of commercial aircraft.  Working for the control and physical architecture domains to help establish hardware, firmware and software requirements to drive motor control system design.  Also responsible for common electronics hardware initiative in Systems Group to establish re-use criteria for motor controllers and subsystems to help minimize system costs and development costs.

Honeywell International., Aerospace Group, Flight Controls., April 2008 - Feb 2011 
Systems Engineer.  Developed test procedures and scripts to verify the proper implementation of higher level requirements in the flight control software by testing on integrated test benches with real hardware and performed analysis of results.  Responsible for validation, integration, and test of the ACE Replacement Test, Rudder and SREU Remote Electronics Monitor Test on the Boeing 787 program.  Responsible for validation, integration, and test of the Multifunctional Spoilers Gain Scaling &amp; Limiting, and Oscillatory&amp; Transitory on the ARJ21 program.


Inilex Inc., Engineering Group., March 2005 - December 2007
Systems Engineer.  Responsible for encoding and testing RF system hardware of telemetry systems, GPS tracking systems and testing M2M applications on ReFLEX and GSM networks.  Day-to-day activities included interpreted software logic diagrams and created customer-specific applications to determine appropriate network frequency and power levels resulting in optimized performance of telemetry systems.  Helped to prepare successful technical proposals, project documentation and product user manuals. 


REFERENCES:  Available upon request.













  
    Circuit Design
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Electronics
    electronics
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    GSM
  
  
    logic
  
  
    network
    networks
  
  
    proposals
    proposal
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    system design
    System Architecture
  
  
    user manuals
  
  
    telemetry
  
  
    validation
  
  
    VLSI
  


