
Kavya Katangur		 							                                                                       
Email: kavya.katangur@gmail.com                                                                    Ph.No:612-524-6999


4 years of professional experience in Information Technology with extensive knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle.
Experience in testing Web-based, Client-Server applications and also got good knowledge in using the Test Management Tools.
Experienced in Functionality, Black Box, White Box, System, Integration, Regression, User Acceptance, Security, Data Migration, GUI Testing, Performance, Stress and Validation Testing, Backend testing.
Experience in Test Automation by using the tool QTP.
Experience in writing Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test Cases.
Excellent understanding of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Experience in reviewing all kind of testability docs like Requirement Specification, Functional Document etc.
Logical skills for understanding and developing system workflows and well suited for communicating with both Technical and Functional professionals.
Expertise in Issue Identification, defect logging, verification, and Problem resolution.
Expertise in analyzing the user requirements to system level test cases.
Ability to understand different SDLC Methodologies like Agile, Waterfall.
Experience in RDBMS writing SQL queries to perform data driven tests, Data reports and involved in Database integrity testing.
Evaluated and selected appropriate test techniques for client's software projects.
Incorporated tools and automation to support software testing.
Reduced the impact of software errors at phases of development, production, distribution, and after-sales support of products and services.
Analytical and trouble shooting skills.
Versatile team player with good analytical, communication, interpersonal skills and also interested in new technologies and able to learn quickly.




TECHNICAL SKILLS:


Operating Systems
Windows 95 / 98 / NT / 2000/XP, UNIX
Languages
C, SQL, HTML, XML, DHTML, Java.

QA Tools
Quick Test Pro 9.2
Databases
Oracle 9i /10g, EDI Server, DB2, MS Access, MS SQL Server 2005.
Test Process Management Tools
QC ,  Test Direct .
Scripting Languages
VBScript, TSL

Web/Application Servers
IIS, Apache, BEA Web Logic, Web sphere.

Tools
MS Office, MS Excel, Toad, SharePoint, PowerPoint,ETL.



EDUCATION: Bachelors of Technology (Computer Science) - JNT University, Hyderabad, India


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Tata Elxsi Limited, Hyderabad, India                                                                      Aug'08-July'10
Role: QA Tester

Description: Tata Elxsi Limited is a member of the Tata Group. From Automotive, Aerospace, Enterprise, Consumer Electronics, Entertainment, Media, Telecom, Tata Elxsi Ltd provides customized design solutions to companies across the globe. The project involved developing applications which would house the design and maintenance web pages for various Schneider Devices. After the release of the application, started various load, functionality and performance testing scenarios, also involved were tracking and analysis of bugs and maintaining the prescribed quality standards.

Responsibilities:

Developed Test Strategy with the help of SRDS, and generated Test Cases based on requirement.
Developed test related documents including Test Plans, Test Procedures, Test Cases and Test Scripts.
Worked with Quality Center for executing test cases, reporting defects and reviewing test plans.
Uploaded test cases from MS Excel to Quality center.
Involved in Black box and end to end testing manually.
Participated in all phases of the Software Life Cycle.
Performed Manual Testing on different modules of the application.
Developed test plan and modified the test plan when required in later stages of testing.
Performed Regression Testing and verification of software products.
Written SQL Queries to extract data from various database tables for testing purpose.
Defined and implemented verification and validation processes across the project and manage QA and regression testing environments.
Designed and Developed the Test Scenarios for Renewal System.
Created Test Data to test different scenarios after analysis of the applications.
Participated as a key member with the QA Team for Regression testing where day-to-day bugs were monitored.
Worked closely with the user during User Acceptance Testing and discussed possible responses to particular issues. 
Coordinate with developers and the testers for resolution of the problems reported.
Attended daily status/ defects review meetings.

Environment: Quality Center 9.2, Windows NT/2000, UNIX, IE 6.0/7.0, Oracle, Java, SQL 2005, MS Excel, Netscape 4.73/6.0.




     Tata Elxsi Limited, Hyderabad, India                                                           May'07- Jul'08
     Role: Jr. ETL Informatica Developer

Description: Agilent needs this Global data warehouse for an enterprise view of functional data. The project involves maintaining this Global warehouse. Data flows in to this warehouse through OLTP &amp; OLAP source system (Relational Database) and ETL process is governed through Informatica power center. 
Responsibilities:

To study the mapping and workflows thoroughly and know the data relationships and data flows.
Involved in analysis and development of the Data Warehouse.
Translation of Business Processes into data mappings for building the Data Warehouse.
Created new mappings and updating old mappings according to changes in Business logic.
Closely work with teams to discuss and determined scope of project phases, and documented the mappings.
Used various transformations like Source Qualifiers, Unconnected lookup, connected lookups, Expressions, Joiners, Filters, Routers, Update Strategy, etc.
Implemented Slowly Changing Dimensions - Type I &amp; II in different mappings as per the requirements.
Implemented performance tuning techniques at system, session, mapping, transformation, source and target levels.
Performing Independent Unit and Integrated Testing.

Environment: Oracle 8.1, Windows XP/NT, Informatica Power Center 7.1, UNIX






  
    Apache
  
  
    asset management
  
  
    Automotive
  
  
    banking
  
  
    basic
  
  
    Business Processes
  
  
    C
  
  
    Consumer Electronics
  
  
    data warehouse
    Data Warehouse
  
  
    Databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    Dimensions
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    fixed income
  
  
    functional
  
  
    funds
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    Web sphere
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    Informatica
  
  
    IE 6.0
    IE 8.0
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Logic
    logic
  
  
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    MS Access
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows 95
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Netscape 4.73
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    OLAP
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle 8
  
  
    page
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Process Management
  
  
    QTP 9.2
    QTP
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    Relational Database
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    retail
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    securities
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    Strategy
  
  
    tables
  
  
    Telecom
  
  
    TOAD
    Toad
  
  
    Translation
  
  
    Type I
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    validation
  
  
    VBScript
  
  
    view
  
  
    web pages
  
  
    Written
  
  
    XML
  


