
Rose Rietema
39 Rock Road * Wayne * NJ 07470  *  cell: 201.220.8617  *  e-mail: roserietema@yahoo.com

Profile	Creative self-starter known for high level of energy. Able to see the big picture, vet event opportunities in the present, while developing long-range programs. Skilled communicator and relationship builder, particularly when interpretation of multiple needs is required with cross-functional partners. Initiates the extra effort to make it happen. Enthusiastic, reliable, comfortable in any business setting, and well versed in internal conflict resolution in the creative and production process.

Experience  	Rose Rietema  (cont'd)


Coordinator, Client Services - Meetings &amp; Events * BP Lubricants USA * Wayne, NJ 		                       2001-2004
Reported to Manager, Client Services - Meeting &amp; Events
Coordinated all meetings for the North American division for groups ranging from six to 100+ attendees
Worked directly with all supply partners, hotels and vendors to ensure all client requirements were fulfilled
Responsible for site selection/contract negotiation, proposal planning, transportation arrangements, hotel attrition/cancellation negotiations, production of meeting materials, manual registration and on-site management
Position required priority-setting ability to multi-task levels of responsibility with minimal direction from superiors 

Account Executive * The United Group * Englewood, NJ and New York, NY 			                       1998-2001
Company provides computer equipment leasing, specializing in disaster recovery for trading floors and corporate environments. Job responsibilities included maintaining relationships with Asset Managers and IT Directors for B2B sales; assessed client needs, then constructed deals averaging $400K; managed requests for bids; created, implemented and designed marketing plans specific to disaster recovery programs; managed vendor production of premiums, print and website design. Revenues increased 12% during tenure.

Marketing and Operations Coordinator * HBO * New York, NY 					      1995-1998
Account Manager for fifteen satellite distributors in a significant revenue-generating department. Performed daily account maintenance and all aspects of customer relations both internal and external. Developed and coordinated execution of national promotions and incentive programs. Partnered with vendors for incentive marketing programs. Facilitated production of ads for print, trade shows and industrial videos.  Served as liaison with IT department and routinely trained a department of ten on new software.  Continuously redefined the job to include additional responsibilities.

Team Member, Special Project, HBO * New York, NY 						               1995
Collaborated on multi-discipline project for start-up of HBO intranet. Created web pages in HTML for Sales &amp; Marketing of HBOnet site. Responsible for ensuring aesthetic continuity and logical sequencing.

Licensing/Sales Associate, Time Warner Sports Merchandising * New York, NY 			      1993-1995
Maintained relationships with licensees, manufactures, supply partners and vendors for the World Cup USA 1994 and US Soccer Federation licensing programs. Responsible for the daily maintenance of all promotional (non apparel) items within the channel. Researched, analyzed and reported market trends, recommendations and competitive information.

Production Assistant, CBS Sports * New York, NY 						                               1993
Worked on location at Talladega 500, American League Championship Series and World Series. Expedited performance of various vendors both on/off site. Assisted production team with on-site logistics and maintained line of communication with event officials and sponsors. Coordinated location accounting, procedures and account settlement.


Education	BS: Marketing, Ramapo College of NJ 

Memberships	Member of Meeting Professionals International (MPI) 
AAIA - Automotive Aftermarket Industry Association
BP First Level Leadership Program 
Nominated internationally as a BP Change Agent










  
    accounting
  
  
    administrative assistant
  
  
    ads
  
  
    audio
  
  
    Automotive
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    branding
  
  
    budget management
  
  
    budgeting
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    com
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    Conferences
    conferences
  
  
    contract negotiation
    contract negotiations
    contracts
  
  
    credit
  
  
    Client
    client
    customer relations
  
  
    database
  
  
    direction
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    financial
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Legal
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Meetings
    meeting planning
    meetings
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    multi-tasking
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    photography
  
  
    policies
  
  
    POS
  
  
    Producing
  
  
    project management
  
  
    proposals
    proposal
  
  
    retail
  
  
    safety
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Trade Shows
    trade shows
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    website
    website design
    web pages
  


