
ROBERT BROWN

Lambertville, NJ * Home 609.397.9405 * Cell 267.261.1467
robertnbrown@verizon.net * www.robertnbrown.com

Focused and creative graphic design professional with demonstrated expertise in creating compelling print and digital artwork for a variety of clients. Technically accurate and resourceful, with a talent for formulating creative solutions to exceed customer expectations. Leverages understanding of art and design to successfully communicate content and purpose. Sought after for strategic thinking, organizational intuitiveness, and artistic vision. 

Stays abreast of current styles, trends, and new design techniques and technology.
Excellent communication skills and technical acumen.
Proficient in Acrobat 4.0, Illustrator CS4, Photoshop CS4, Dreamweaver CS3, Flash CS3, Final Cut Pro 4.5, FlightCheck 3.3, InDesign CS4, Macro Media Freehand 7.0, Microsoft Word 2003, Omni Page Pro 7.0, PageMaker 6.5, and QuarkXPress 8.

AREAS OF STRENGTH

Art Direction * Client Relationship Management * Digital and Print Publications 
IT Management * Team Leadership * Technical Design * Web Design


EDUCATION

BFA, Graphic Design - Rhode Island School of Design, Providence, RI
Web Design Certificate - Mercer County Community College, West Windsor, NJ

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Creative Marketing Alliance, Princeton Junction, NJ 	2008

INTERN. Selected for this unpaid position to assist graphic design staff in creative concept, direct marketing, and design activities as needed. Honed a deeper knowledge of graphic design by actively participating in the firm's daily design operations.

The Hibbert Group, Trenton, NJ	1998 - 2003

SENIOR GRAPHIC ARTIST. Led the design and production of various one- to four-color print artwork including newsletters, brochures, annual reports, catalogs, and corporate identity packages. Worked closely with key stakeholders from clients including the National Football League, Major League Baseball, Club Med, and the Bank of New Jersey to determine business needs and creating artwork as needed. Acted as interim Art Director as needed; collaborated extensively with other departments including pre-press, bindery, linotronic service bureaus, typesetters, photo/negative developers, art/drafting suppliers, and account executives to ensure optimal production of design solutions in accordance to client requirements.

Ensured the on-time, in budget delivery of all projects by working over regular hours or outsourcing as needed.

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS

Phi Theta Kappa Honors Society








GRANT METCALF, CONTINUED	GWM@GRANTMETCALF.COM







  
    Acrobat 4.0
  
  
    PageMaker 6.5
  
  
    photo
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Arts
    art
  
  
    Art Direction
    Art Director
  
  
    basic
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    budget
  
  
    catalogs
  
  
    color
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    concept
  
  
    corporate identity
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direct marketing
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    Final Cut Pro 4.5
  
  
    Flash
  
  
    Macro Media Freehand 7.0
  
  
    graphic design
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    IT Management
  
  
    Team Leadership
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    Page
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pre-press
  
  
    Publications
  
  
    QuarkXPress 8
  
  
    Relationship Management
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Web Design
  
  
    annual reports
  


