
ANDREJ FRIEDMAN	
andrejfriedman@gmail.com - Chicago, IL
Cell (773) 470-7899SUMMARY

Experienced using SQL Server 2008 targeting Junior SQL development/Business/Data Analyst positions.




TECHNICAL SKILLS


Database Management Systems: 
Microsoft SQL Server 2008

Software: 
MS SQL Server Management Studio 2008, MS SQL Server 2008 Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft Office

Tools:
SQL Server Management Studio

Certifications:
SQL 

SQL Master's Program	9/10-5/11
SetFocus, LLC - www.setfocus.com 

The SetFocus SQL Server Master's Program is an intensive, hands-on, project oriented program where participants gain knowledge and valuable experience putting the SQL Server skill set to use in a simulated work environment.
Created numerous simple to complex queries involving self joins, correlated subqueries, CTE's and XML techniques for diverse business requirements. Tuned and optimized queries by altering database design, analyzing different query options, and indexing strategies.
As part of a team, analyzed the business requirements and systematically designed a database for an online-movie (DVD/Blu-Ray) rental company. Employed best practices in creating a complete schema including tables, relationships, stored procedures, views, clustered and non-clustered indexes and triggers, and implemented the import and export of data using XML and SSIS. 
As part of a team, created various reports according to the business requirements for the movie rental company. Individually authored, installed, deployed and managed reports using SSRS for a library database. 
Individually designed a bank application according to business requirements, and implemented robust stored procedures, functions, and triggers to implement required functionalities. 
Created an ETL solution that reads Product, Vendor, and Order data from .CSV files on a network share into a SQL Server database.  The solution also validated incoming data and performed notifications when jobs complete.  The order data thus loaded into SQL Server was used to generate reports using the new SSRS 2008 reporting functionality (including the Tablix control).  The reports were set up for automatic delivery based on standard report subscriptions.











EDUCATION



SetFocus - Parsipanny, NJ, SQL Server 2008 Master's Program 
An intensive, hands-on, project oriented program where participants gain knowledge and valuable experience putting the SQL Server skill set to use in a simulated work environment. 

Created numerous simple to complex queries involving self joins, correlated subqueries, CTE's and XML techniques for diverse business requirements. Tuned and optimized queries by altering database design, analyzing different query options, and indexing strategies. 

Individually authored, installed, deployed and managed reports using SSRS for a library database. 
Individually designed a bank application according to business requirements, and implemented robust stored procedures, functions, and triggers to implement required functionalities. 
As part of a team, 
Analyzed the business requirements and systematically designed a database for an online-movie of data using XML and SSIS 
Create various reports according to the business requirements

As part of a team, 
Created an ETL solution that imports Product, Vendor, and Order data from csv files on a network share into a SQL Server database. 
Validated incoming data. 
Designed a package to perform notifications when jobs complete. 

The order data loaded into SQL Server is used to generate reports using the new SSRS 2008 reporting functionality (including the Tablix control). The reports were set up for automatic delivery based on standard report subscriptions.






Columbia College - Chicago, IL, BA Film/Video (Computer Animation) 
Completed an academic curriculum where the focus was in individual and team based environments, where students learned many techniques for producing short videos/films and learned various different software, such as Autodesk Maya, 3D Studio Max, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator, to create computer generated imagery where the focus was on a narrative subject matter that needed to be clearly expressed. Exercises and tasks were almost always project based. Students also learned how to properly and professionally present their work in a presentation type setting. 





WORK/PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



 
Introduction to Programming: Theory and Concepts - Provides a fundamental introduction to computer programming theory and concepts to students with little or no previous experience. Learn structure, syntax, logic, and the difference between object-oriented and procedural systems. Learned Visual Studio and C#. 

Other Customer Service Experience 
Hands-on experience interviewing customers to determine their needs and concerns and determining how to solve the problems presented. 
Developed an in-depth understanding of the firm's processes and procedures to understand the chains of command and responsibility. 




Fluent in Croatian












Andrej Friedman resume  1 | Page



  
    3D Studio Max
  
  
    academic
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    approach
  
  
    budgeting
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Database Management
    database
  
  
    database design
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Drafting
  
  
    DVD
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    film
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Adobe Illustrator
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    team building
  
  
    director
  
  
    Maya
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    network
  
  
    Page
  
  
    producing
    producer
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    Microsoft SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    tables
  
  
    type
  
  
    website
  
  
    XML
  


