
Kristopher Soderstrom
605 South 3rd Street	
Wilmington, NC 28401
 (C) 910-508-2424
kris.soderstrom@gmail.com

MANUFACTURING / MECHANICAL ENGINEER


OBJECTIVE:

To seek a challenging role where my leadership, background, and history of achieving results can have a positive impact
on the company's key performance indicators.


WORK EXPERIENCE:

Manufacturing Engineer:					  Danaher Sensors &amp; Controls:	    Elizabethtown, NC
October 2008 - October 2009
Drive process improvements and cost reductions efforts through Kaizen activities and Lean tools.
Improve the quality and efficiency of products/processes through root cause analysis and process improvements.

 
Equipment Engineer:						       Goodyear Tire &amp; Rubber Co.:      Gadsden, AL
March 2007 -September 2008
Initiated and managed system design changes and process improvements, achieving a 10% increase in machine efficiency and reducing equipment breakdowns by 50%. 
Responsible for maintenance, preventative maintenance, and root-cause failure analysis of forty tire building machines that supports the production of our product line.
Implemented and managed capital projects on existing machinery by managing timelines, budgets, and installation.


Lean Manufacturing Specialist:				           Goodyear Tire &amp; Rubber Co.:      Gadsden, AL
July 2006 - February 2007
Utilized Lean Manufacturing principals to improve current manufacturing processes by eliminating waste.
Displayed leadership by organizing and leading several successful Kaizen events.


Design Engineering Co-op:  					Daimler Chrysler Commercial Bus:    Greensboro, NC
May 2003 - August 2004
Utilized Pro-Engineer software to design, model, and document various components and assemblies.  
Supported Engineering, Operations, and Sales Departments with product information and solutions to challenges, exceeding deadline expectations.




EDUCATION:

M.S. in Materials Science &amp; Engineering,   North Carolina State University - May 2012.
GPA expected 3.5/4.0
B.S. in Mechanical Engineering,   University of Tennessee at Knoxville - May 2006.
Minor in Materials Science and Engineering

ACHIEVEMENTS:  

Engineer-In-Training Certification, State of Tennessee, June 2006.
Danaher V.A.V.E. Black Belt (Value Analysis Value Engineering)
Danaher Problem Solving Process Trainer
Facilitated Kaizen events in the following Lean tools (VAVE, 3P, VRK, 5S, &amp; SW)
Career participation in over 100 Kaizen events

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:

Strong background in Lean Manufacturing and driving change.
Strong analytic and demonstrated problem-solving skills.
Ability to work in cross-functional teams including Marketing, Engineering, and Operations.
Strong background in Manufacturing and Quality processes.
Strong and proven interpersonal and leadership skills 
Ability to plan, prioritize, and manage multiple priorities in a fast paced environment.
Proven ability to analyze problems, identify root causes and provide efficient solutions  




  
    budgets
  
  
    coach
  
  
    driving
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    machinery
  
  
    managing
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    Pro-Engineer
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality I
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    system design
  


