
JORGE EDWARDS   *   JorgeBEdwards@gmail.com   *   (240) 743-9709   *   Page 4


JORGE EDWARDS
715 Dryden Street      Silver Spring, MD 20901      JorgeBEdwards@gmail.com      (240) 743-9709

Hard working laboratory technician with 5 years of experience working in the fields of transplant science, reproductive science, human identification testing, and the study of infectious diseases. 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Experience in performing HLA typing of Class I and Class II alleles.
Experience in preparing clinical samples for STR typing via fragment analysis.
Experience in performing validation studies for critical reagents and new laboratory instrumentation.
Familiar with automated and non-automated laboratory equipment such as centrifuges, balances, thermal cyclers, genetic analyzers, pH meters, tachometers, various pipetting instruments, and other equipment found in most molecular biology laboratories.  
LABORATORY SKILLS AND TECHNIQUES
DNA isolation &amp; quantitation

Agarose &amp; SDS-PAGE electrophoresis

Polymerase chain reaction (PCR)

Compound and fluorescence microscopy

Aseptic techniques

Preparation and maintenance of mammalian and bacterial cell cultures

Cell counting

Bacterial staining

Sequence specific oligonucleotide probe (SSOP) typing

Short Tandem Repeat (STR) typing.

Recombinant DNA production techniques such as restriction digests, cell fractionation, and mini and maxi preps used in molecular cloning.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

EMBRYOLOGIST	September 2008-November 2010
SHADY GROVE FERTILITY REPRODUCTIVE CENTER	Rockville, MD

Analyzed cellular morphology and movement of clinical spermatozoa specimens for use in conventional and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) fertilization. 
Performed sperm washing techniques in order to produce high concentrations of viable spermatozoa to be used in in vitro fertilization and documented analysis into patient database.
Prepared culture media for use in maintaining proper maintenance of pH, protein supplementation, buffer, and osmolality environment for gamete viability, embryo, and blastocyst development for over 200 patient samples per week.
Performed daily maintenance and necessary calibration of CO2 incubators needed for storage of patient's developing embryos and blastocysts.
Performed cryopreservation of spermatozoa samples as well as thawing techniques.
Performed Testicular Sperm extraction of biopsied testicular tissue.
Received training in performing oocyte retrieval using light microscopy techniques.
Followed laboratory standard operating procedures and accreditation standards set for by the College of American Pathologists.
Performed other administrative duties as needed.

RESEARCH ASSOCIATE II                                                                           June 2007- January 2009
C.W. BILL YOUNG NATIONAL MARROW DONOR PROGRAM                              Rockville, MD              
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY	  	
Performed PCR amplification, SSOP hybridization, and preliminary analysis of HLA typing data using Luminex platform and HLA Fusion software.
Performed testing of over 1800 patient samples per month for reference laboratory database used by the National Marrow Donor Program. 
Processed incoming samples from NMDP recruitment drives for DNA isolation.
Performed monthly calibration and maintenance of laboratory equipment used in molecular testing.
Followed laboratory standard operating procedures and accreditation criteria established by the American Society of Histocompatibility &amp; Immunogenetics (ASHI).
Performed other administrative duties as needed.

STUDENT INTERN                                                                                               June 2006- May 2007
C.W. BILL YOUNG NATIONAL MARROW DONOR PROGRAM                              Rockville, MD                   
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY	  	
Recorded sample data and updated databases for maintaining records of buccal swab and blood samples to be used for DNA extraction.
Maintained and performed maintenance for all refrigeration &amp; freezer units used for cryopreservation of all DNA isolations performed in the laboratory.
Assisted in disposing of bio-hazardous waste disposal procedures following standard operating procedures.
Performed other administrative duties as needed.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

B.S. DEGREE - BIOLOGY, SPECIALIZING IN MICROBIOLOGY	2007
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND                                                                                  College Park, MD
Post-baccalaureate GPA: 3.74


Relevant Course work and Laboratory Techniques 
Cell Biology and Physiology
Performed measurements of Enzyme Kinetics relating to enzyme &amp; enzyme inhibitor rates of reactions using spectrophotometry. 
Performed measurements of neuronal membrane characteristics, environment, and stimuli testing for determination means of effective synaptic transmission.
Performed SDS-PAGE electrophoresis in determination of unknown proteins.
Use of fluorescence microscopy for determination of cellular viability

Pathogenic Microbiology
Preparation of bacterial cultures for inoculation in nutrient, selective, minimal, and differential media cultures as well as performed hemolytic testing of certain bacterial species.
Performed simple and differential staining techniques for identification of different groups of bacterial types.

 Immunology
Performed Northern, Southern, Western blotting techniques for use in determining RNA, DNA, and protein molecules of interest.
Performed ELISA assay for determination of specific immunoglobulin isotype of interest.

Recombinant DNA Laboratory
Carried out restriction digests, cell fractionation, and, both, plasmid mini and maxi prep procedures in producing a molecular clone of interest to be used in recombinant vectors.

____________________________________________














  
    administrative
  
  
    calibration
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    ELISA
  
  
    PAGE
  
  
    PCR
  
  
    producing
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    Tandem
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    typing
  
  
    validation
  
  
    Western blotting
  


