
Stephen Johnson, CPCU, AIC
428 Brickyard Road	 (732) 462-5482 Day
Freehold, NJ  07728	 SRJohnson428@aol.com	 (732) 462-8433 Eve
Stephen Johnson, CPCU, AIC
(732) 462-5482 	 (732) 462-8433 Eve
Career Progression Continued - Page 5
Stephen Johnson, CPCU, AIC
(732) 462-5482 	 (732) 462-8433 Eve
Day	 SRJohnson428@aol.com
Day	 SRJohnson428@aol.com

Career Progression - Page 2


Qualifications for Senior-Level Management

Information systems professional with over 25 years of experience in systems design, implementation, and administration from distribution to insurance.  Delivers projects that retain a customer focus and business goals while adhering to strict operating costs and timelines.  Possesses diverse technical skills, strong domestic and international business experience, and a belief in growth through empowered responsibility and mentoring.

Areas of Expertise

	Project Management  	Software Evaluation &amp; Conversions 	Disaster Recovery
	Strategic Planning  	Business Process Reengineering  	Process Improvement
	Software Development  	MIS and Data Warehousing	Training/Development

Selected Corporate Contributions

Project Management
Managed a team of 20 IT Professionals and up to 45 consultants from 5 vendors to support 12 applications on an operating budget of approximately $12M, plus $3M in 4 concurrent capital projects.
Managing Consultant	2003 - 2007
- Business Beneficial Solutions, LLC, specializing in P &amp; C Insurance consulting services.
Consulting Manager for the development of a strategic Information Technology plan involving Agency Interface, and Policy Administration System selection for Tuscarora Wayne Group of Companies.
Directed the enterprise project test planning; and development of application interfaces for Clarendon Insurance's newly purchased vendor data warehouse, billing, and reinsurance software packages.
Managed an enterprise-wide .net set of development projects at Arch Insurance Co. involving customer relations, agents, contracts, billing, management and statutory reporting interfaces.
Managed an enterprise-wide, claims deductible recovery project for Arch Insurance Co., resulting in the discovery of approximately $5 million in outstanding billable recovery, and prototyping an application system plus proposing workflow enhancements to ensure accurate and timely future processing.
Developed a Request for Proposal (RFP) for an Assumed/Ceded Reinsurance software acquisition at Church Insurance Company, in preparation for the vendor selection process.
Developed and delivered IT training courses for Project Management, Quality Assurance, and Software Testing for Mercer Insurance Group (Mercer &amp; Franklin Insurance Cos.) on behalf of Info724.
Project Manager for Sarbanes-Oxley IT compliance transforming SEC regulations, CPA guidance, and IT Governance Institute guidelines into IT Control Objectives, Policies, and Procedures for the Mercer Insurance Group.

Assistant Vice President International IT reporting to the Financial &amp; International IT Sr. VP.	2000-2002
Chubb &amp; Son Insurance Company, with $7.75 billion in annual revenues and assets of $29.4 billion.

Responsible for all premium, loss, reinsurance and co-insurance transactions generated in Europe, Latin America, and Asia/Pacific:
Develop, and maintain interfaces for 27 country level applications worldwide, and process all resultant international corporate transactions through to over 13 backend systems such as MIS, regulatory reporting, IBNR, WIP, and unearned premium.
Managed over 18 worldwide projects in 2001 ranging from the EURO conversion spanning country and corporate systems which involved business units at the branch level, agents, systems, plus zonal and domestic resources; to Websphere development projects for International IT and Latin America.
Successfully processed 1.35M transactions in 2001 for $1.21B in policy premium, $290M in reinsurance premium, $19M in co-insurance premium, $1.55B in paid losses, $140M in reinsurance recoveries, and $14M in co-insurance recoveries.

Vice President/CIO, reporting to the CEO, and the President/COO.	1998-2000
MIIX Insurance Company, with $248 million in annual revenues and assets of $2 billion.

Rebuilt a dysfunctional IT department into an effective team of 32 professionals to deliver the following business results:
Reduced the overall cost of IT from $5.9 to $4.5 million through the reduction of consulting, and data/voice communications costs.
Created an IT Strategy for the corporation based upon executive input on business objectives with a 3 - 5 year horizon on merger and acquisition plans, a vision for e-commerce branding, marketing, and customer service.
Deployed a second generation Internet Web site hosted by PSI/Net and a first generation Intranet Web site using VPN, both aligned with IT strategy to improve productivity and customer service while containing costs.
Converted a legacy claims system containing 23 years of history into a newer enterprise system balancing the indemnity payments, LAE, and reserves to the penny for 48,000 casualty claims - then linking all claims to their respective policies to produce account profitability measures.
Conducted a telephony study to reduce data and voice communications costs by more than $20,000/month.
Successfully managed the Y2K effort, which included infrastructure and software changes throughout the corporation in LAN, WAN, telephony, and desktop areas.  In conjunction, there were numerous testing requirements, regulatory reporting requirements, a state audit, and coordination with all the business units.
Initiated a Disaster Recovery and Business Resumption Planning effort that resulted in a cold site test and updated contract, plus a contract for a hot site co-location server with data replication to ensure IT resources within one hour.  The business resumption planning portion encompassed the Y2K effort and was earmarked for fulfillment in 2000.
Created quality assurance, and business analyst functions to address improved user and customer service which resulted in improved system up time, increasing from 94 to 99.2%, plus fewer application and hardware problem tickets from the business client areas.

Director of IT	1988-1998
CNA Insurance Company, with $16.9 billion in annual revenues and assets of $63.9 billion.

Developed and deployed a structured settlement system to reduce casualty indemnity expenses plus a claims fraud detection and tracking system for Corporate Claim's special investigation fraud unit.
Managed the development of the Claims Adjuster Workstation for Worker's Compensation, and the All Lines Adjuster Workstation claims processing systems.
Selected for the professional insurance development program, participating in the claims track as a field adjuster processing property, inland marine, liability, worker's compensation, and auto physical damage claims.
Managed a remote college affiliated data center with 29 full and part time programmers under an alternative employment program geared to provide the corporate data center with inexpensive programming resources and act as a recruitment tool.
Outsourced Claims Adjuster Workstation system maintenance and development to project resources in India.

Technical Manager	1985-1988
JTS Computer Services
A privately held consulting company consisting of 160 consultants specializing in marketing, medical, and educational systems.
Managed an organization of 30 plus professional MIS consultants encompassing technical screening, support and training for nine customer locations with diverse computer environments.  Provided marketing support for proposals, personnel management, and career planning.
Project Leader for the specification, selection, testing, and installation of a multi-million dollar COBOL IMS DB/DC marketing software package consisting of over two million lines of code and 89 data table database.  Directed a project team consisting of 15 professionals from Data Communications, Data Resources, Database Administration, Operations, Systems Support, Functional Support, and Business Systems Planning, comprising a 64 man-month effort, culminating in a successful purchase decision and an on time installation within budget.

Contract Consultant	1984
Professional Support, Inc.
Identified and recommended $850K in annual savings for a city school system's IT strategy.

Town Supervisor/CEO/CFO	1980-1983
Town of Irondequoit, with $11 million annual operating and $2 million capital improvement budgets.

Managed a line organization of 15 departments encompassing 350 union &amp; nonunion, professional and managerial employees with $11 million annual operating budget and $2 million capital budget.  Held budget growth below inflation rate while doubling employee productivity.  Instituted risk management program resulting in 50% reduction in tort claims.  Negotiated six labor agreements.  Completely revised personnel/policy procedures, and conducted a wage/benefit study that resulted in increased employee benefits with an overall reduction in payroll/benefit expenditures over four years.

Education, Affiliations, AND Misc.

Postgraduate Studies, in Business Administration, Rochester Institute of Technology
B.S., Magna Cum Laude, in Math/Computer Science, State University of New York, Brockport
A.A.S., Dean's Honors, in Electronics and Instrumentation, Alfred State College

CPCU Certification in Insurance Property and Casualty Underwriting, American Institute for CPCU
AIC - Associates in Claims, Insurance Institute of America
Member of the Central Jersey Chapter of the CPCU Society

PMI Member, PMP Certification in-progress
Open to travel.  Married.  Enjoys running/power walking 15 miles weekly.

Technical Skills

Hardware:	PCs, NT/Novell/Unix Servers, 30xx, 43xx/390, AS400, telephony

Operating Systems:	Windows XP/2000/NT/98, Unix Solaris/HP-UX, OS/2, VM/CMS, OS/MVS/XA, OS400

Languages:	Power J, HTML, PowerBuilder, Lotus Notes, Vision, Accel, COBOL, PL/I, Fortran, Assembler

Databases:	UDB, DB2, Oracle 8i, SQL Server, Ardent Universe, Unify 2000, MS Access, IMS

Specialty Software:	HP's PPM, Quest's Vista Plus &amp; QMaster, Niku, Microsoft Project 2007

CASE Tools:	ERWin, BPWin, Liberty ODBC, KnowledgeWare


Technical EDUCATION

AMA Disaster Recovery &amp; Business Resumption Planning Seminar,
Advanced Windows Development with PowerBuilder, Advanced Development in Lotus Notes,
Data Warehousing, Data Mart &amp; Data Mining Development, LAN Administration, 
KnowledgeWare Case Tools, Effective Project Management Series, 
Telephony &amp; Call Center Administration, and
2003 Customer Relationship Management, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing Conference &amp; Expo.



Continues.

Continues.



  
    .net
  
  
    Accounting
  
  
    application development
  
  
    art
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    Assembler
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    billing
  
  
    branding
  
  
    bridges
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    business analyst
    business analysis
  
  
    Business Systems
  
  
    C
  
  
    CASE Tools
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    CPA
  
  
    client
    customer relations
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Data Communications
  
  
    data warehouse
  
  
    Database Administration
    Databases
    database
  
  
    DC
  
  
    directing
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    ERWin
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Fortran
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HP-UX
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    Websphere
  
  
    IMS
  
  
    IMS DB
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    IT Strategy
    IT strategy
  
  
    KnowledgeWare
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    managerial
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    MS Access
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    2000
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    Modeling
  
  
    MQ series
  
  
    MVS/XA
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    ODBC
  
  
    Operating Systems
    OS
  
  
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    OS/2
  
  
    OS400
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    personnel management
  
  
    PL
  
  
    Policies
    policies
  
  
    Power J
  
  
    PowerBuilder
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Project Leader
    project leader
    Project Management
  
  
    proposals
    Proposal
  
  
    prototyping
  
  
    quality assurance
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Quest
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    RMS
  
  
    Sarbanes-Oxley
  
  
    Software Testing
  
  
    Solaris
  
  
    specification
  
  
    SQL Server
  
  
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    structured
  
  
    Systems Support
  
  
    telephony
  
  
    UDB
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Unix Servers
  
  
    vision
    Vision
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    VM
  
  
    voice communications
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    Web site
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    Y2K
  


