
Nandakumar Iyer
15 Quail Hollow Drive
Shrewsbury, MA 01545
(508)-244-2964
nandakumar.iyer@gmail.com


Objective
Entry-level Mechanical Engineer seeking position that will utilize technical knowledge, analytical thinking, and problem-solving skills.  
Education
Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, MA
Bachelor of Science with Distinction in Mechanical Engineering, October 2010
GPA: 3.36/4.0
Related Projects
Automotive Materials Processing &amp; Design: Senior Design Course, Mar.-May, 2010
Completed stress analysis on the rocker panel of a Honda Civic passenger car in order to determine required material type &amp; characteristics that would result in 10-15% reduction in weight while maintaining strict safety and handling standards.
Computer Aided Manufacturing: Senior Course, Mar.-May, 2010
Worked with three other teammates to design and manufacture a keychain bottle opener.  Used PRO/E to model bottle opener and ESPRIT CAM software to both specify machining/finishing processes and generate NC code.  Used a Haas CNC mill in order to produce part.
Thermodynamic Application &amp; Design: Senior Design Course, Jan.-Mar., 2010
Designed solar-powered steam turbine power plant that could be implemented in regions with high solar flux (such as New Mexico).  Integrated principles of thermodynamics, fluid dynamics, and heat transfer in order to design thermodynamic cycle, solar collector, and condenser.  Considered economics and viability of solar powered plant for real world applications.
Study of Gas Emboli Behavior in Simulated Microvasculature: Major Qualifying Project, Sept. 2009 - Mar. 2010
Investigated behavior of gas embolisms in collaboration with two teammates by using a bench top vasculature model filled with 60% glycerol-water solution (to closely simulate properties of human blood) and injecting bubbles of a controlled size using a micro pump.  It was determined that low Reynolds numbers accompanied by increasing bubble radius, reduced bubble velocity and low Bond numbers increased bubble buoyancy.

Additional Projects
Stock Market Simulation &amp; Analysis: Interactive Qualifying Project, May-Jul., 2010
Conducted 7-week stock market simulation using the online simulator, "Investopedia", in order to understand how the market behaves and operates.  Independently studied various techniques for investment and applied them to the simulation accordingly.  
The Indispensability of the Gothic Setting: Sufficiency Project, May-Jul., 2010
Read the works of several prominent authors including Bram Stoker, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Patrick McGrath, and Stephen King.  Analyzed the importance of the Gothic setting in Dracula and The Hound of the Baskervilles, resulting in a comprehensive and interpretative portfolio of writings.
Experience
Sales Consultant (Nov. 2011 - Feb. 2012)
Sentry West Lincoln Mazda, Shrewsbury, MA
Assisted customers in purchasing or leasing a vehicle that was appropriate for their needs and budget.  Demonstrated and explained a variety of vehicle features and technologies to customers, while showcasing how the features/technologies met their needs.
Workshop Leader (Jan.-May, 2008)
University of Rochester, Computer Science Department, Rochester, NY
Administered weekly workshops with group of students in order to reinforce classroom material (web design &amp; implementation).  Graded exams and projects while providing feedback to enhance students' understanding of the material.
Skills
Automotive: Extensive hands-on experience with automotive repairs and maintenance.  Familiar with engine, transmission, brake, and suspension systems (self-taught skill).
Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/ME/2000/XP/Vista/7, Mac OS X
Software: Microsoft Office, MathCAD, Mathematica, Autodesk Inventor, Pro/E, LabVIEW, ESPRIT (CAM), ANSYS, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Photoshop
Programming Languages: HTML, Javascript
Laboratory Skills: Soldering, oscilloscope measurements, digital multimeter measurements, basic circuit prototyping (breadboarding)
Languages: English (fluent), Tamil (fluent), French (intermediate), German (basic)



  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    ANSYS
  
  
    Automotive
    automotive
  
  
    basic
  
  
    budget
  
  
    CNC
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    digital multimeter
  
  
    economics
  
  
    English
  
  
    features
  
  
    French
  
  
    German
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Javascript
  
  
    LabVIEW
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    Market
    market
  
  
    Materials
  
  
    MathCAD
  
  
    Mathematica
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows 95
  
  
    98
  
  
    works
  
  
    mill
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    oscilloscope
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    prototyping
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    Read
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    safety
  
  
    Simulation
    simulation
  
  
    Soldering
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    type
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    web design
  
  
    workshops
  


