
Melissa L. Chapline	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Page 2

	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 

Melissa L. Chapline
4888 Massillon Road # 2
North Canton, OH 44720
330-714-2848
chaplinem3@sbcglobal.net

CAREER SUMMARY

Administrative and Office Support specialist well versed in accounts payable and receivable including relevant software applications and the policies, procedures and protocols involved in supporting a viable business office operation. Demonstrated organization skills, completing tasks with a high degree of accuracy and proficiency, in a fast-paced environment. Resolute problem solver with high ethical standards and a committed work ethic. Can work effectively both independently or in a team environment to serve both internal and external customers. Key skills include:  
Customer Service
Processing / Reporting
AP / AR
Cash Management
Data Entry
Report Preparation
Troubleshooting
High Volume / Fast-Paced
Account Reconciliation
Meeting Deadlines

SOFTWARE SKILLS

BAAN, SAP, Lotus Notes, QuickBooks, MS Word, Outlook, Excel, 10 Key

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Diebold Incorporated, North Canton, OH 						2007 - 2010
Manufacturer, distributor and service provider of self service transaction systems such as ATMs, electronic and physical security products, software and integrated systems for global financial and commercial markets.
Accounts Payable
Responsible for data entry invoices involving purchase orders.
Batched and posted vendor invoices; troubleshot and resolved issues.
Processed expense reports and maintained supplier Excel worksheets.
 
Accountemps, Canton, OH  								2006 - 2007
Accounting personnel staffing agency. 
Accounts Payable 
Accounts Payable Clerk for temporary and permanent assignments in area companies.
Batched, coded and posted vendor invoices.
Ensured account reconciliations and processed expense reports.

Infocision, Akron, OH  									2006 - 2007
Non-profit and customer service call center.
Communicator
Responsible for fund-raising for non-profit organizations and customer service for local business.
Managed incoming customer service calls for clients.
Sold products, answered billing questions, and scheduled installation and trouble calls.
Managed outbound calls for fund-raising clients.

Laufen International, Inc. North Canton, OH  						2004 - 2006
Manufacturer and distributor of ceramic tile.
Accounts Payable   
Accounts Payable Specialist covering full scale responsibilities of the accounts payable process. 
Batched, coded and posted domestic and international vendor invoices.
Handled account reconciliations; troubleshot and resolved issues. 
Processed expense reports.

Matrix Management Solutions, LLC, Uniontown, OH  				2001 - 2003
Medical billing and computer software provider for area physicians' offices.
Assistant to the Financial Director	 
Provided support to the Director of Finance by performing tasks associated with accounts payable.
Served as Accounts Payable and Payroll Clerk, maintained petty cash, and performed bank reconciliation.
Filed and maintained records for two companies.
Assistant to the Director of Client Services 
Supported the Director of Client Services by providing various services for clients.  Held this position concurrently while Assistant to the Financial Director above.
Performed general clerical duties and scheduled client training.

Paragon Health Associates, LLC, Akron, OH  					1999 - 2001
Physician's office.
Administrative Assistant 
Provided support for physicians and nurse practitioners by performing various duties.
Managed multi-line phone system. 
Supported staff with general clerical duties; filed and maintained records.
Accounts Payable 
Provided support to the Director of Finance in Accounts Payable.  
Served as Accounts Payable and Payroll Clerk; performed bank reconciliation.
Assumed concurrent role for support of Medical Staff while continuing to support the Director of Finance.

Accounts Payable Clerk covering full scale responsibilities of the accounts payable process.  Carried out Accounts Payable duties simultaneously with front office manager duties.

EDUCATION
Currently Pursuing
Associate of Arts in Accounting
University of Phoenix, OLS

Diploma, Concentration in Word Processing / Accounting
Beaver Local High School &amp; Columbiana Count Joint Vocational School, Lisbon, OH



  
    10 Key
  
  
    Accounting
  
  
    accounts payable
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    agency
  
  
    automotive
  
  
    BAAN
  
  
    bank reconciliation
  
  
    billing
  
  
    call center
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    front office
  
  
    fund-raising
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    machinery
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Medical billing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    Communicator
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    phone system
  
  
    profit
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    staffing
  


