
Rasheeda Elemikan
2110 1st avenue apt #2604
                                                                     New York, NY 10029
                                                                     Cell:  646-639-1486
      E-mail elemikan@gmail.com
EDUCATION
	

John Jay College of Criminal Justice	New York, NY
Bachelor of Arts in Criminology                                                                                                                         January 2009                                                                                                                                                                                     
.Mount Sinai Hospital 	New York, NY
Dietary Cashier                                                                                                      September 2008- October 2011
.     Responsible for cash management, principles, and procedures
.Researched product competitors, created sales forecast, and evaluated market and pricing strategies 
.Increase sales productivity by 35% 
.Conducted in house conferences that motivated staff and crew members
.Coordinated fundraiser for Mount Sinai's American Heart Association helped raise $2, 0000
.Assisted supervisor with the development of customer surveys; increased survey response by 40%

Borough of Manhattan Community College	New York, NY 
Librarian  Office Assistant                                                                                 September 2005 - January 2007
.Organized and trained students to use Blackboard computer database system.
. Prepared purchase orders online for library materials, verified and corrected discrepancies and monitored funds depletion. 
. Maintain switchboard operations.
.Entered data such as fines and billing into automated system and generated reports and notices. Maintained circulation desk and answered questions regarding the location of books
 
. Utilized library software systems to retrieve and enter data. Sorted, packed, and unpacked material going to and returning from commercial binders. Verified and revised binding shipping and receiving records. Participated in Librarian Assistant Training.
   

Nandor Incorporation                                                                                                  New York, NY
Customer Service representative                                                                                  August 2004 - August 2008

Responsible for processing refunds and exchange claims on defective merchandise. Maintained awareness of all promotions and discounts. Responsible for monitoring the price changes in various departments. Responded to customer request for informational materials. Operated switchboard and transferred customer's calls to appropriate calls. Generated customer thank you letters.














  
    billing
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    budget
  
  
    cash management
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    database
  
  
    funds
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Librarian
  
  
    Director
    director
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Medical Transcription
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    exchange
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    natural
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    Reception
  
  
    research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    switchboard
  
  
    Telephone
    telephone
  
  
    transcription
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    typing speed
    50 wpm
  
  
    Written communication
  


