
Presentation of Qualifications
Brian Clavette
10282 Dowdle Drive
Golden, CO 80403
Phone 303-642-0401
Objective:  A challenging position in field service for the medical industry.  A thorough understanding of system hardware / application software, coupled with 35 years of practical experience would be effectively utilized to competently keep customer systems running with minimum down time.  I have experience with project management when installing / commissioning capital equipment on many customer sites, and negotiating contracts.
Education:   	Manchester High School , Manchester Ct. Graduated 1973
Hartford State Technical College, Hartford Ct.
Associates degree w/ high honors   1973 - 1975
Major:  Electrical Engineering Technology 
Additional areas of study: physics, chemistry, engineering graphics, drafting, electronic design, digital and analog circuitry, calculus, psychology, and computer programming. 
3.92 g.p.a.
Regis University, Denver, Co. - Management studies 1986
Red Rocks Community College, Lakewood, Co.  2010 to present
Solar Photovoltaic Certificate in progress part time
Working toward Associates Degree
North American Board Certified Electrical Practitioner Solar PV Entry level
Experience:   	Scan-Optics Inc. East Hartford, Ct. 1975-1980
Installation, maintaining, complex Optical Character Recognition systems for the banking, insurance, and utilities companies.  Started as Field Service Engineer, additional responsibilities included technical support in Canada and Mexico.
Gerber Scientific Instruments Co. South Windsor, Ct.  1980 - 1998
Installation, maintaining complex Printed Circuit Board artwork generation imagers, and CAD/ CAM equipment.  Large scale XY plotters capable of imaging w/ light on film, laser cutting of steel panels, and laser raster imaging systems.  Performed work on computer workstations and networking work as well .  Industries involved with included circuit board manufacturers, HVAC contractors, printing companies and ship building.  Supervised several FSE's from 1991 - 1998. Started as Field Service Engineer, and rose to position of North American and Pacific Rim Technical Support.


QUALIFICATIONS 
* Highly reliable self-starter; can-do attitude; able to work with minimal supervision 
* Ability to focus and understand field support needs; strong interpersonal and telephone skills for regular field interaction 
* Strong mechanical aptitude and troubleshooting skills; understanding of complex electro-mechanical systems
* Excellent oral and written communication skills within all levels of the organization; ability to make presentations before a group of people 
* Demonstrated self-initiative and sound judgment 
* A team player who exhibits a high level of integrity and professionalism 
* Highly customer-focused (both externally and internally)
* Able to quickly learn and apply knowledge to real-world problems 
* Highly motivated and able to work independently
After working many years in the printing industry, I am excited about having an opportunity to use my many strengths and skills, while enjoying a change in career to a different field.
  


	



  
    banking
  
  
    CAD/ CAM
  
  
    charts
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    film
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    HVAC
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    laser
  
  
    networking
  
  
    newspapers
  
  
    physics
  
  
    plotters
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    computer programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    psychology
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    robotics
  
  
    technical support
    technical assistance
    Technical Support
  
  
    phones
    phone
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    utilities
  


