
Mufaro Mary Nyachoto, CAPM
San Ramon, CA 94583
Mnyachoto@gmail.com
 (510) 386-1885

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Business Analyst with more than 13 years of extensive experience in business analysis, project management, process documentation, systems support  and  database programming. Expertise in collaborating with IT, software developers, cross functional teams and key stakeholders. Results oriented IT professional with strong relationship building skills able to negotiate agreement amongst clients with differing needs.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Studied and received CAPM, Certified Associate in Project Management from the Project Management Institute. 
Provides information technology support, business and data analysis to clients including dear jane Inc. and various individuals. 
Currently studying the ITIL Foundation Version 3 materials - pending certification 
Studied and received CAPM, Certified Associate in Project Management from the Project Management Institute.

Kaiser Permanente Information Technology, Pleasanton, CA			5/2011-12/2011
IT Project Coordinator (Contracted via Rose International)

Provided support to the Program Director and a staff of four that were responsible for implementing a working model, governance and oversight, for the capability improvement efforts directed at increasing effectiveness and efficiencies in the physical, financial and contractual management of IT Assets with average spending levels of  $335M in capital, $313M in operating expenses and $133M in operating leases from 2007-2010.
Assisted in supporting the IT Asset Management program needs regarding documentation, dashboards, meetings and financial committee ITI PAC. 
Produced time entry reports of project team for all project managers, business analysts, and project coordinators, and contractors to ensure time credited to project funding as allocated.
Tracked project budget variances between actual and forecast.
Participated in interviewing and on-boarding of contractor resources.
Maintained SharePoint site documentation.
Coordinated Program meetings. Facilitated &amp; attended weekly status meetings
Ran and monitored reports for project resource system entry to ensure compliance with established project standards. 
Capability improvement projects resulted in over $40M savings from 2011 - 2018 with present efforts focused on workstation inventory management improvements which were expected to provide nearly $12M in cost savings in 2011.


UC Berkeley, University Relations, Berkeley, CA 
Business Analyst 										  2007-2010

 Co-founder of campus facilitation group focused on working practice and active learning.
 Gathered requirements for new system functionality and new system implementation. Facilitated interviews and workshops with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs).
 Applied business analysis and quality assurance to various projects and systems. Matrix managed programmers to reach project deadlines and ensure requirements met. Created APEX applications for departments to reduce their dependencies on shadow databases. Compiled the gift administration department's business process flow manual. Created use case documents.
Gathered information and consulted with cross functional team members to analyze and troubleshoot their workflow issues; made recommendations and implemented system modifications thus reducing the time involved with processing telemarketing gifts. Communicated and coordinated with other Programmer Analysts and IT leadership/
Supported business community in their use of the database, including analysis and debugging of various reports and applications. Performed issue identification &amp; resolution for issues related to specific modules, functional and business areas.
Worked with internal clients to resolve questions, assess user needs, and recommend changes. Collaborated with business partners to understand issues, define and document technical and functional requirements, develop and execute test plans, validate data for newly implemented projects, resolve issues and participate in project meetings.
Provided technical support and guidance for internal business units and clients. Analyzed, reviewed and validated data to ensure accurate information is provided to vendors and clients and work done met project scope and business case.

UC Berkeley, University Relations, Berkeley, CA 
Programmer/Analyst 2, Systems Administration Team					2002-2007
Acted as Programming lead for PMPI (Prospect Management Policy Implementation) and implemented solutions that improved system functionality thus improving productivity and operational efficiencies for the department.
Provided Level II help desk support and resolved system issues; performed beta testing and ad hoc data analysis; executed solutions to data issues; modified code where necessary and documented system changes.
Performed database administration tasks. Tracked and implemented modifications to Benefactor-based database system subroutines and screens.
 Analyzed effects of vendor patches and modifications and documented findings. Supported programming needs for advancement projects. Created and modified custom screens and programs. Designed specifications for complex data extractions.
 Provided documentation to assure understanding of development process. Proactively identified data quality issues and proposed and implemented solutions. Provided consulting and assisted in decision-making regarding project
needs and requirements.
Worked with cross-functional teams to address business or technical/systems issues. Converted business requirements into systems requirements. Provided support and analysis of various IT projects. Provided mentoring to other programmer analysts. Worked on multiple project teams providing programming support and business analysis.

UC Berkeley, University Relations, Berkeley, CA 
Programmer/Analyst 2, Reporting, Information Systems 					 2000 - 2002
Served as lead programmer for the Annual Programs Solicitation program. Received and fulfilled ad hoc requests which allowed fundraisers to identify and cultivate donors for different campus units according to their interests and giving history.
Designed, developed and tested data extraction programs, data transfers and reports from campus alumni database. Assisted users with data requests and translated user requirements into technical programming specifications. Provided solutions and developed standard menu programs giving clients ability to self generate reports. Served as a member of the help desk team and acted as training assistant.
Contributed to department goals by providing data that was used to fulfill the mission of tracking alumni and friends for fundraising and stewardship. Provided technical support for the direct mail campaign and worked on complex  program code for the direct mail unit.

UC Berkeley, University Relations, Berkeley, CA 
Programmer/Analyst 1, Major Prospect Unit 						1999-2000

Acted as Lead programmer for the Major Prospect module and converted ad hoc queries into menu reports which enabled clients to run reports based on multiple parameters and supported the cultivation, solicitation and stewardship of donors.
 Enhanced and redesigned programs, which helped the department, extract consistent data and conduct accurate mailings and coordinate successful and well-attended events.
Designed customized reporting for fundraising office which increased the their ability to interact with the public and donors which assisted the department in meeting their fundraising goals.
Wrote functional and technical specifications for new and revised production reports. Analyzed and reviewed user requests for modification. Programmed, debugged and documented system modifications.
Trained and mentored 3 cross-functional staff members on the CADS database system, which led to reduced dependency on the Major Prospect Unit for report requests.

UC Berkeley, University Relations, Berkeley, CA 
Record Assistant, Alumni Records			 					1997-1999

Worked with database, which consisted of 700,000+ alumni, corporation, student and friends of the
university records. Analyzed codes and entered data acquired from multiple sources. Verified
accuracy of data entries made by other units which ensured real time and accurate information
thus resulting in better forecasting for the department
 Audited data entries created by external units. Suggested new codes and data cleanup projects to
ensure data reflected the needs of the campus. Created queries against complex database (700,000
records+) to verify data quality and integrity.
Worked as a Programmer Intern for IS unit to reduce their ad hoc reporting workload. 
Received reporting requests; designed and customized ad hoc reports; verified data and incoming
requests with clients; utilized CADS, Benefactor based systems. Received staff excellence award
for advancing Parent Survey project.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
BA Psychology - University of California, Berkeley, CA

Community At Work
Group Facilitation Skills Workshop (3 day)

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS

IIBA, International Institute of Business Analysis 
PMI - Project Management Institute

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft Office Suite - Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Microsoft Project. MS Visio, MS SharePoint. Lotus Notes. Mac OS X, Unix, Uniquery, UniBasic, SQL, Oracle PL/SQL. Knowledge of Perl, C, Java, and Business Intelligence. Proficient at Oracle APEX, Crystal Reports. Clarity (RPM - Kaiser)
SYSTEMS
Datatel Benefactor, Oracle, SunGard Advance

Knowledge of: SOX, HIPAA, and FERPA guidelines and ITIL framework.

Certification: CAPM - Certified Associate in Project Management



  
    ad
  
  
    Asset Management
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business analysis
  
  
    business case
  
  
    Business Intelligence
  
  
    business process
  
  
    C
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    clients
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    database administration
    databases
    database
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    fundraising
  
  
    Group Facilitation
  
  
    help desk support
    help desk
  
  
    Information Technology
    information technology
  
  
    inventory management
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    Java
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    Director
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle PL/SQL
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    Programmer
    programmer
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    real time
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    shadow
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    troubleshoot
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    workshops
  


