
SEKHAR BABU MEDA
Sekharbabu.meda@gmail.com
510-449-9890


Career Objective:
Seeking a challenging career in Home and Building Controls, Industrial Automation and Control domains where my abilities and experience can be put to maximum use for mutual growth of the organization and myself and to create Energy efficient Systems for Homes, Buildings as well as for industries.

Summary of Experience:
10+ yrs of experience in Home &amp; Building Controls and Technologies, as a principal engineer I designed and developed innovative and low cost products in HVAC and Lighting Controls space.

Area of expertise spans from developing high level application software components for Building controls to designing and developing Hardware solutions for Lighting Controls.

Professional Experience:

Working as C++/VC++ application developer (consultant) for Mirrorplus Technologies, Fremont, CA from NOV 2008 to NOV 2009.
Worked as a Software Design Engineer III (consultant) for Microsoft Corporation, Redmond for 8 months
Worked as Principle Engineer/Team Lead for Honeywell Technology Solutions Lab, Bangalore, India for 5.5 years.


Technical Expertise:

Expertise in Designing and developing different protocols and control strategies in Building controls space to open interoperability between different sub systems like 	
HVAC, Fire &amp; Security, Access and Lighting Controls to minimize the energy consumption, to create high level of comfort in the building and to bring benefits of highly integrated environment to users as well as to for easy maintenance.
BACnet, DALI and RS232/RS485 and other communication systems
Designing and developing Engineering Control software applications for Building Controls including lighting
BMS Systems and Integration of Different Sub-systems in the building
Designing HW platform and Firmware for DALI based control systems
Lighting control products design and development(DALI, 0-10V, Phase Cut, PWM controls, Wall switches, Occupancy sensors, Photo sensors etc)
specialized in DALI bus powered sensors creation and creating sensor driven control strategies in distributed manner
Designing and developing lighting products around PIC24F and Atmel 8,16 bit MCU's
Embedded HW/SW design and Developing embedded application software
SKILL SET:
Programming Languages C, C++, VC++, C#.NET, COM etc.
PIC24F, ATMega family of 8 and 16 bit microcontrollers
Embedded development in both C and C++
Both embedded and application level web Technologies - Winforms, ASP.NET, HTML, AJAX, Sync fusion controls etc
BACnet/IP, BACnet/MSTP, RS485 Network protocol stacks development and application software development
Applying Six Sigma Methodologies throughout product development
High level user centered windows applications 
Team management and driving the product development with right technologies to minimize time to market with highest quality.
BMS Systems, Honeywell EBI and Alerton Systems
Windows CE/Mobile development &amp; debugging tools likes Platform Builder.
Proficient in Data structures &amp; Algorithms development. Developed fuzzy logic algorithms for HVAC controllers, which are used in commissioning process of controllers. Developed graphical algorithms for optimizing the CAD drawings using R and R+ trees.
Experience with Source Control tools like Rational Clear case and VSS.
Well versed in design patterns and designing methodologies using UML and creating design docs in Microsoft Visio &amp; Rational Rose
Certified in Six Sigma Green Belt software process and very much familiar with CMMi level 5 Models.
Capable of handling complex projects with high sigma levels. Recorded 5.2 sigma levels for a complex project which was executed in 2 years and generated 400K lines of code with a team of 5 people.

Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively in teams

Personal Capabilities:

Played a key role as technical as well as team leader for most successful projects in Honeywell.

Ability to work in most competitive and Innovative work environment

Excellent team player, with strong skills in trouble-shooting, problem solving, Interpersonal, Oral &amp; written communication

Qualifications:
Master of Technology/Engineering (M.Tech-Computer Science &amp; Engineering) from University college of Engineering, Osmaina University with  87%

Master of Computer Applications (MCA) from Andhra University with 75%


Bachelor of science in Electronics from Nagarjuna University with 73%








Employment:

American One Technologies Inc., NASHUA, NH
Client: Mirrorplus Technologies, Fremont CA (NOV 2008 to NOV 2009)
Role: Senior Software Engineer

Responsibilities:
Analysis, Design and Development of software for large format printers using C++, COM, C#.NET and Web Services.
Design and Development of Enterprise level Central server database, User Interface and Stored procedures using SQL Server 2005/2008.
Developing Web services for central server of printer tracking system. 

SRS Consulting Inc. Fremont, CA
Client: Microsoft Corp, Redmond, WA (MAR 2008 to OCT 2008)
Role: Software Design Engineer III

Responsibilities:
Porting the OEM specific device drivers for Windows Mobile Release 7.0 from WinCE 6.0 using C, C++, Platform Builder 7 and VS 2008.
Troubleshooting the porting problem in drivers and fixed the issues.

Honeywell Technology Solutions Lab, Bangalore, INDIA (JUL 2002 to FEB 2008)
Role: Principal Engineer/Team Lead

Responsibilities:
Responsible for Architecting, Analysis, Design, Development and deployment for software systems for HVAC controllers.
Designed and Developed low cost HVAC control system for Asia Pacific region and deployed it successfully. This project involves in development of software's for three kinds of BACnet controllers. 
Development of Engineering tools which includes, 
Defining the control logic for BACnet, LON and Modbus controllers(both VAV and Zone controllers), 
Hierarchy of control networks
IO terminal assignment.
Generating the binary files and downloading to controllers
Offline/Online Simulation of control logic 
Reverse engineering - getting everything back from binary files
Auto IO assignment for different IO sensors like predefined temperature, pressure and humidity sensors.
Support for third-party IO sensors.
Automated Graphics generation for HMI's 
Support of customized software points

Development of VAV Balancing Algorithms for VAV BACnet Controllers
Development of BACnet/IP and BACnet/MSTP protocols for windows to communicate with BACnet Controllers. Developed BACnet stack for VAV controllers.
Development of Online monitoring tools for BACnet controllers, which are used for commissioning of VAV controllers in the field.
Development of software for Automatic graphics generation from engineering tool called XLToolkit for EBI central server.
Development of Conversion tool from DXF file format to HMI Web Display builder format, which are web based graphic pages for HVAC Systems control and monitoring.
Development of Visio/CAD tools for wiring diagrams, IO assignment and for BOM generation.
Development of streams drivers (for Rocket Port Card) for RS232 on windows RTX (Real time extension to windows).

Technologies: C, C++, VC++, C#.NET, COM, MFC, ATL, STL, WinCE, MSDE, XML.

Lead Responsibilities:
Team management of 5 people
Inter and Intra team co-ordination. As lead of software tools team, I was responsible for coordination of both hardware and firmware teams.
Project Planning and estimation
Responsible for Analysis of new requirements.
Continuous project progress tracking and generating monthly reports.
Design and code reviews 
Responsible for preparing deployment package for testing.
Training the field engineers on engineering tools.

ISRO (Indian Space Research Organization), Sriharikota, INDIA (APR 2000 to SEP 2000)
Role: Project Trainee
Responsibilities:
Development of control software for controlling GPIB devices like oscillators, plus counters etc for PCMC Radar station.
The environment was VENIX-EDS Real time OS and language of development was C, C++.

Achievements:
Team Excellence award from the CEO, Honeywell Inc. for the best performance in developing the ComfortPoint  HVAC system for Asia pacific region.
Partner Award for dedication and commitment in successful delivery of Comfort Point Range Products.
Team Excellent Award for EBI Graphic Generation from XLToolkit Program Manager Honeywell, CAS Germany
HTSL IP &amp; Innovation award (Project Innovation) winner for Ideation and Concept proofing of AutoCAD DXF to HMI Web Conversion Tool.






  
    C#.NET
    ASP.NET
  
  
    Photo
    photo
  
  
    ATL
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CAD
  
  
    COM
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Concept
  
  
    Conversion
  
  
    database
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    product development
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    driving
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    Graphics
    graphics
  
  
    Graphic
    graphic
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    HVAC
  
  
    Innovation
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Lighting
    lighting
  
  
    logic
  
  
    market
  
  
    Access
  
  
    MFC
  
  
    Windows
    windows
    windows applications
  
  
    Radar
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network
    networks
  
  
    OS
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Planning
  
  
    proofing
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Real time
  
  
    Simulation
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    software development
  
  
    SQL Server
  
  
    switches
  
  
    Team management
  
  
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    User Interface
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    VC++
  
  
    Windows CE
  
  
    wiring
  
  
    XML
  


