
Crystal M. Creek
4533 Vera Cruz Ave. North, Crystal, MN 55422							Main: (763)536-7722
CCREEK@MAIL2WEB.COM									
Cell: (763)238-6255	
                                    
Customer Service Representative
Am a highly qualified professional with extensive experience, in customer service, sales, and management. My leadership and knowledge has allowed me to supervise and train employees. Able to handle a fast paced environment while problem solving quickly, with accuracy and efficiency. Assisted with the implementation process of SAP, and is a quick study when it comes to all software systems.
Expertise &amp; Skills Include:
SAP, Great Plains, CRM	Microsoft Office, Excel, Word	Training/ Auditing	

Supervising	Pricing/Contracts	Detail Oriented	


Professional Experience
Customer Service Manager							 		June 2009- January 2011
R4 Vascular, Inc.

Successfully supported 20 direct sales reps, and up to 60 distributor reps without assistance. Responsibilities included providing customer and sales support, financial reports, assisting with accounts receivables and payables, credits and any other projects as necessary.  This included the setup of customers, pricing contracts, and managing inventory sales samples. Assisted quality and regulatory with pulling reports and providing any information they needed for traceability and FDA submissions.


Results:

Salvaged all products and components that could be saved, and then recycled them into sales samples to save costs.
Performed internal audits to ensure policies and procedures were being met.
Assisted with developing policies and procedures for all aspects of the business, including customer service, sales support, inventory and quality control.


Customer Service Representative II                                           						April 2003- April 2009
St. Jude Medical

Managed and overseen all duties of the department, while the manager was out on medical leave. Was recognized by the president of the company and given an award for this responsibility. Managed new product launches, including trials and limited releases. On an average day I would process 75 inbound calls, and 100 orders. Trained all employees within our department, and maintained training records. 
Results:
Acted as supervisor and received an award from the president acknowledging my outstanding and excellent work performance.
Assisted in the SAP implementation of the company and continued to be used as a resource.
Became the trainer of the department to ensure that my knowledge and expertise were passed through to others.














  
    accounts receivables
  
  
    Auditing
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Detail Oriented
  
  
    direct sales
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Word
  
  
    payables
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Pricing
    pricing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    sales support
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    supervisor
    Supervising
  
  
    phone
  
  
    trainer
  


