
Mr. Ruben Lopez
5419 Chestnut View Drive
San Antonio, Texas 78247
Mobile: (210) 689-6419 
Email: R_Lopez0903@yahoo.com

Dear Prospected Employer,
Letter of Intent for employment
Attention: Human Resources

The qualifications and professional knowledge I can bring to your company: 

-Accountant, Account Receivables/Account Payables-Experienced/Non Manager but Supervisor status.
-Financial and Business Specialist and Budget Planning with Collections Experience.
-Microsoft Office Applications Certified; Accounting Software certified.
-Tradesman, Craftsman, Laborer in all fields of construction for both commercial and residential sites.
-Trained in warehouse/distribution centers along with equipment needed and operated while on duty.  Documenting the accuracy of supplies ordered and received.  Scanning all pay receipts needed then following up with unloading truckloads of the shipment, accountability.  
- Over 10 years of Customer Service Experience for both inbound/outbound call centers, trained to deliver a professional class of customer service and dedication to a high class of customer service over the telephone and face to face.
- Strong written and verbal communications skills in both English and Spanish.
- Possess a high class of time management qualities with the ability to multi-task on several assignments while completely focused.
- Excellent listening skills allowing an accurate approach to effectively troubleshoot and begin to problem solve.
- Able to follow any Company required policy or procedure and remain up to date on any new or modified policy/procedures implemented to allow a strong ability to remain quality focused by relaying accurate information.
- Trained to handle any escalated issue(in a customer service atmosphere) concerning no resolution at point of contact previously, therefore allowing me utilize any conflict resolution skills to relate to caller on a professional level by understanding their needs first, minimize any miscommunication or objections with personal sympathy closing with my confident level of experience and ability to provide the service needed to cease the concern or problem immediately.
-Highly motivated and interested in investing time and energy to create individual success and growth internally.  I have a strong desire and goal to succeed independently as well as a team player resulting in outstanding achievements.  
- Ability to pay strong attention to detail on all documented issues to consistently provide the most effective and accurate information.

*
In conclusion, I am confident in my abilities and trust that my ten years plus experience will be an asset to this company's team and wish to pursue this employment opportunity.*
*
*
*
RUBEN LOPEZ
*
*
OBJECTIVE:
To obtain a new position that offers new and exciting challenges and allows me to meet personal goals made for myself to assist with growth and advancement internally within this company.
*
EDUCATION:
-Harlandale Academy High School; San Antonio, Texas 78214
1992-1997; High School Diploma Obtained
-St. Phillips Community College; San Antonio, Texas 78203
1997-2000; Accounting/Business Electives, College Basics

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
11/11-02/12; Vanguard Health Systems; San Antonio, Texas 78229
Title: Account Receivables/Collections/Senior Customer Service Clerk.

Owner/Manager. Musical Talent Scout, Manage several local bands, handle public relations, recording contracts, teach music lessons to children.

10/10-02/11; Pharmaceutical Solutions; Universal City, Texas 78148
Title: Senior Customer Service Representative for prescription medical approval for the insurance member and approval for mail order prescriptions as per Doctor's approval.  (Seasonal Job/Temporary.) 

04/97-01/04; Community Schools of San Antonio, Texas 78207
Title: Account Receivables/Payables/Payroll/Customer Service/Tax audit professional. On job training along with my college classes, gave me employment experience comparable to a college degree in Accounting/Business fields.

REFERENCES:
1. Saybra Jacobson (210) 862-4607; Retired Law Enforcement
2. Adam Smith (210) 663-2326;  Boss Realty Owner, Contractor
3. Olivia Espinoza (210) 781-1460; Deputy Sheriff. 
4. James Wiggins (210) 240-0966;  Master Electrician.



  
    Accounting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    mail
  
  
    2000
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    recording
  
  
    Tax
  


