
James Wilson
                     116 Wright Ave Apt K-89  -  Stratford, NJ 08084
              jazznourmous@yahoo.com  -  856-298-914 - 318-489-0173


                                   District Manager
Highly accomplished professional with exceptional record of excellence in     continually improving district performance and driving significant growth.

Talent for delivering success through effective strategic planning and operational oversight across multiple locations. Consistent history of maximizing profitability  and exceeding objectives by tracking profit and loss performance, analyzing operations , and controlling shrink. Dynamic leadership strengths and skill at building high performance teams; excel at coaching employees and facilitating advancement. Track record of ensuring continuing sales through maintaining the highest standards of customer service and promptly resolving issues.

Operations and Management Strengths:

- Sales Growth / Business Development        - Team Leadership &amp; Development
- Business Plans &amp; Strategic Goals                - Inventory &amp; Shrink Control
- P&amp;L / Financial Oversight                             - Vender Relations &amp; Negotiation
- Customer Service Management                   - Coaching &amp; Mentoring
- Performance Turnarounds                            - Policy &amp; Regulatory Compliance
 
Professional Experience
Isle of Capri Casino - Bossier City, LA.
Floor Supervisor (3/1996 to 2/2006)

Maintained accountability for $500,000+ in daily cash transactions. Directed team operations to ensure efficiency and positive customer experience. Supervise Dealers and Surveillance teams at gaming tables. Trained new Dealers. Ensured compliance with state and federal gaming and banking laws. Resolved customer issues and addressed employee disputes. Operated software to identify potential fraud.
Selected Contributions:
Selected to supervise high-limit table games in 2001
Initiated investigation leading to discovery of $200,000 in internal theft.

EZ Mart Stores - Texarkana, TX.
District Manager ( 3/1994 - 3/1996)

Managed all operations of ten retail stores with gas operations. Created business plans to ensure District was exceeding company goals and expectations. Ensured stores were operating efficiently and cost effectively by monitoring payroll, production, and store controllable non payroll expenses.
Selected Contributions:
Assigned the two worst performing districts in succession and completed turnarounds on both in less than a year.
Coached and mentored my top management talent to promotions to upper management.
Delivered double digit comp sales in back to back years.

DSC Kingsaver - Greenville, TX.
Store Director ( 1/1990 - 2/1994)

Operated two different high volume supermarkets with multiple departments  (Pharmacy, Floral, Bakery-Deli, Video, Produce, Meat). Monitored the POS system, insuring correct pricing, inventory control, shelf allocation, sales and promotions, and employee production. Audited and managed each departments payroll, production, sales, merchandising, and expenses.
Selected Contributions
-     Recognized as one of the top 100 retailers by Progressive Grocers
      Magazine.           
-     Delivered double digit comp sales each year during my tenure.
-     Promoted to highest volume store within 6 months of hire.
-     Maintained less than a 1 percent shrink during my tenure.
-     Increased customer transactions by 13 percent.

         Additional experience includes Owner/Operator, Wilson's Super Valu  







  
    banking
  
  
    business plans
  
  
    inventory control
  
  
    mentor
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    POS
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    supervising
  
  
    tables
  
  
    Video
  


