
Suzanne Kelly
3017 Airhaven Street
Dallas, Texas 75229
214.718.0140 cell 
suzie@hellosuzie.com




CAREER SUMMARY:	Sales executive with a high degree of experience in market analysis, sales strategies, and business structuring. Competitive and goal-oriented with proven track record in reaching high levels of achievement in sales, market penetration, and program launch through astute business decisions, organizational skills, strong team building, and strategic vision. Candidate possesses a sound background in communicating and negotiating with a diverse set of clients from basement to C-level employees.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE:	-   Microsoft Office Suite	-   Negotiations
-   Act Contact Database	-   Identifying Decision Makers
-   Staffsuite Database	-   Consultative B2B Sales Presentations
-   SalesForce.Com Database	-   Managing Key Accounts
-   Market Analysis	-   Relationship Building
-   Proposal Development	-   Marketing &amp; Promotions

EDUCATION:	University of Texas at Arlington
	B.A., Communication (RATV Sales and Management, with a minor in French).  
Major GPA: 3.6


EXPERIENCE:

July 2005-Sept 2010	Acco Brands Inc./ General Binding Corporation
	Senior Account Manager-North Dallas, Collin County, Mid-Cities
Increased and cultivated a key account base of over 150 accounts in addition to developing prospects through consultative selling of presentation binding solutions, equipment and custom branded printed solutions.
Determined which current and prospective accounts were targets for company products and offerings. Successfully made business relationships with accounts that result in profitable sales and targeted quota goals.
Connected company solutions to my clients business needs successfully. Persuaded clients to implement solutions to improve business through consultative selling.
Developed accounts to produce company targeted gross margin goals. Accomplished through effective listening and a consultative sales approach.
Developed sales strategies to apply to specific vertical markets. Researched client needs then presented and sold matching solutions to these needs resulting in company revenue growth.
Increased annual sales from a level 1 account manager in the first year (&lt;$350k/year) to a high end level 2 account manager (&gt;$650k/year) by the third year.
Awarded Top District Performance Award in 2007 for the highest Total Sales Percent to Total Quota overall for the Southwest District.




April 2004-June 2005	Art Squad - Dallas, TX
	Senior Talent Manager-D/FW Metroplex
Prospected and networked for new accounts for a niche specific recruiting firm; prepared proposals and negotiated strategic contacts within the advertising and marketing industries through cold calls, tele-prospecting, referrals, and research.
Worked closely with a varied level of contacts from operational managers to C-level executives to obtain business objectives. 
Developed market penetration strategies, and implemented key business strategies based on client's specific needs.
Evaluated sales processes, developed market penetration strategies. 
Planned then executed networking events within several organizations.

	



August 1997-March 2004	Lawton Reprographic Centers, Inc.- Dallas, TX
	Outside Sales Representative-North Dallas and Northern Suburbs of Dallas
Actively developed strategic relationships with new business in the North Dallas and North Texas area while 
managing and maintaining a major architectural, engineering, and construction account base of over 100 accounts in both North and South Dallas Counties.
Consistently met &amp; exceeded monthly quotas while increasing monthly sales of diazo printing and digital printing services; HP digital printer sales; color graphic, communication, xerographic, scanning, &amp; finishing services.
Monitored accounts to ensure cost effectiveness; developed and executed need-based presentations on a regular basis to strategic accounts for introduction and special services purpose, including preparing quarterly presentations for key decision principals on industry changes.
Won First Prize over hundreds in National Reprographic Sales Conference Contest for Most Creative Sales Technique Presentation.	
		

REFERENCES UPON REQUEST






	



  
    a level 1
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    approach
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    business strategies
  
  
    C
  
  
    color
  
  
    Com
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Database
    database
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    HP
  
  
    image
  
  
    listening
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    Market Analysis
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
  
  
    Negotiations
  
  
    networking
  
  
    Presentations
    presentations
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    processes
  
  
    proposals
    Proposal Development
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    Relationship Building
  
  
    research
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    strategic
  


