
857 Porter Creek Road				Email:	harold.w.jack@gmail.com
Milton, WV   25541					
Harold W. Jack
Phone:  804-380-9021

Summary of Experience

30 years Federal income tax compliance including IRS agent experience, acquisitions, and planning.
27 Years Multistate income tax compliance including audits, planning and implementation of major tax packages.
20 Years Sales/Use experience in various industries including audits.
5 Years Controller experience in various industries.

Compiled multi state income tax returns on projects for Fortune 500 companies.  Returns included mortgage, construction, energy, derivative/hedges, service, retail and manufacturing industries.  In same period prepared current year returns for REMICs, 1120 C and S, 1041, 990, trust returns and multi state post IRS adjustments. 

Three (3) years hand on experience in Middle East as rig superintendent, land and offshore.  24/7 experience in cementing, fracturing, acidizing, and directional drilling.  Trained foreign nations in oil well servicing.

Seven (7) years accounting experience with Superior Oil/Mobil Oil in supervisor roles, payroll (domestic and expatriate) banking, capital and AFE accounting, chart of account narrative.  

Three (3) years experience with StatOil, Norwegian owned E&amp;P and energy generating company, as finance and tax manager overseeing accounting for exploration and production and energy trading.  Filed 38 partnership returns in joint venture group.  Directed staff doing due diligence of oil and gas acquisition of  Ashland Oil and presentation to management of buyout plan.  Coordinated purchased with outside accountants and legal staff.  Prepared workpapers and submitted footnotes for FASB 52, 109, 133/138.

Five (5) years experience as accounting consultant with foreign energy companies, Canadian and Chilean, engaged in energy trading and fixed asset acquisitions in US.  Responsible for legal qualifications and FERC/DOE reporting.  Interface with accounting firms, legal staff, energy traders, risk manager and management regarding controls and review of financial derivatives.  Directed staff doing due diligence of energy generation plants e.g. Binghampton, New York, and presentation to management of buy out plan.  Coordinated purchases with outside accountants and legal staff.  



Professional Experience


2000-2008			HW Jack &amp; Company
Accounting Consultant

Consultant to large power marketing companies in the US, Merchant Energy Group, the Chilean power company, and TransAlta, the second largest electrical generation company in Canada
Participant in writing internal audit, financial reporting, risk management, and trading operations accounting control procedures with legal department.
Responsible for legal qualifications and FERC/DOE reporting.
Responsible for payroll, sales/use, property, multi state and international income tax.
Interface with energy traders, risk manager, and management regarding controls and review of financial derivatives.
Represent the tax department before the IRS and state tax authorities
Member of the merger and acquisition team for both the Chilean and Canadian companies

1997-2000    StatOil Energy, Inc    Alexandria, VA
Tax Compliance Manager, also time as Financial Services Manager

StatOil Energy was a multi-billion dollar a year energy marketing company.
Responsible for accounts payable, payroll, sales/use, treasury, property and multi state income tax.
Represent the tax department before the IRS and state tax authorities.
As the Financial Services Manager instituted electronic travel and entertainment filings and wrote the T&amp;E policy, responsible for purchasing corporate wide and enhanced electronic data interchange with banks realizing six digit annual savings.
Member of the merger and acquisition team for StatOil, which is the national oil company of Norway.
Responsible for initiation of policy and procedures for fixed assets, document imaging, purchasing, letters of credit with counterparties/netting and all cash compliance issues.
Instrumental in preparing the material for bank presentation in arranging $500 million dollar debt facilities and $200 million dollar letter of credit facilities.



1996-1997  		Eon Corporation		Chantilly, Virginia
Controller

Controller of a Mexican based telecommunications corporation with international and domestic operations.
Made the security filings with SEC and the states for their private placement
Supervised the payables, receivables, treasury, payroll and human resource department
Due to their restructuring, negotiated payments for aged payables, leases and subcontracts
Coordinated the audit of their 401K plan
Coordinated financial audits for the last two years.  Responsible for timely closing.  Prepared budget.  Responsible for budget to variance reporting to management and banks.  Responsible for FASB 109 and FASB 52.

1989-1995  DynCorp/DynAir Fueling/Marine Spill Response Corp
Tax Manager at Marine Spill Response

Responsible for multistate/international ad valorem and sale tax of billion dollar non-profit organization, represented by seven sisters of oil companies.  Organization mandated by OSHA to clean up catastrophic oil spills in 26 coastal states, Puerto Rico, and Guam.
Solely responsible for managing tax research filing and compliance functions
Instrumental in millions of tax dollars saved by gaining tax exemptions, government audit protest, and daily review of invoices for tax compliance
MSRC was transfer work from DynCorp

Assistant Controller at DynAir Fueling

Responsible for directing accounting functions.
Include the development and maintenance of planning and budgeting systems, analysis and interpretation of trends requiring management's attention, and presentation of findings and specific recommendation to senior management.
Fast Tax, Vertex, Best and Delta experience.
Wrote procedure manuals for each desk supervised.
Integrated software packages for best utilization
This position managed four accountants
DynAir Fueling was a subsidiary of DynCorp.




Senior Tax Accountant at DynCorp

Responsible for multi-state income tax compliance.
Preparation of Federal and state corporate returns on Fast Tax.
Supervision of tax accounts reconciliation, sales, property, and franchise tax preparation.
Research of tax issues and audit contact.
Rolled individual company financial statements into corporate consolidated statements prior to tax preparation.
Wrote procedure manual for desk.
Responsible for 6 corporations, 3 partnerships, and largest corporation $850 million gross. 
Filings were in 38 states and 3 foreign countries. 

1980-1989   Mobil Oil/Superior Oil
Consulting Accountant at Mobil Oil

Responsible for cost center controls, property rental authorization, Mobil Rocky Mountain Inc. billing, aircraft accounting.
Focus report writing, and chart of account narrative.
Wrote program in Focus to audit chart of accounts compliance for Western Division of Mobil Oil.
Mobil Oil Corp purchased Superior Oil


Section Supervisor at Superior Oil

Supervise payroll processing with MSA system, labor distribution, stock option accounting, tax payments and payroll processing, internal and external audit and governmental liaison.
Led seminars at MSA national convention. 


1977-1979   Internal Revenue Service   Corpus Christi, Texas
Tax Auditor

Audited tax returns, individual partnership, and corporation
Responsible for interpretation and compliance of tax codes

1973-1977  Dowell-Schlumberger   Trinidad/Venezuela/Middle East
Rig Superintendent.
Responsible for daily operation of rigs, cementing, fracturing, acidizing, directional drilling and training of foreign nationals in drilling activity.


Education

University of Houston   				Houston, Texas
Cullen Graduate School
Bachelor of Accountancy and Taxation 

Certificate in Petrochemical Engineering   		West Indies

University of New Mexico				Albuquerque, NM
Bachelor of Science Managerial Psychology

New Mexico Junior College				Hobbs, NM
Associate in Applied Science of Electronics










  
    accounting
  
  
    Accountant
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    ad
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budgeting
    budget
  
  
    closing
  
  
    Consultant
    Consulting
  
  
    Controller
  
  
    credit
  
  
    derivatives
  
  
    directing
  
  
    electronic data interchange
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Fast
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    fixed assets
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    government
  
  
    human resource
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    legal
  
  
    letters
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    MSA
  
  
    Oil
    oil
  
  
    payables
  
  
    payroll
    payroll processing
  
  
    profit
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    report writing
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    sales
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    Supervision
  
  
    tax preparation
    Tax
    tax
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    treasury
  
  
    Vertex
  


