
Thelmon Baggett
1318 W. Sprague St. Compton, CA 90222 (310) 763-0419 / (424) 644-5986 / Email: thelmonbaggett@yahoo.com

 Objective
     Looking for work where I can utilize my skills and knowledge and perform at peak levels to satisfy the
     requirements of my clients and employers. I will be able to advance and contribute to the overall functioning and
     profitability of my employers and learn all I can within a company to further advance my skills and knowledge
     and become the best in my creative and professional career.


 Skills and Qualifications
       Outstanding time management skills with the ability to multi-task.
       Able to work effectively against deadlines.
       Communicate and cooperate well within a team environment.
       Able to follow given directions and perform given tasks.
       Can perform task with little supervision to the satisfaction of my supervisors.
       SOFTWARE SKILLS: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign,
       Pagemaker, and CorelDraw.

Experience:
   U.S. Auto Parts                                                                                         Carson, CA
   Shipper / Packer                                                                                   8/2007 to 2/2010
   I advanced from Packer to Shipper by learning how to pack both small items and large items. I learned how to
   consolidate (self for packing) both large and small items. I assisted in palletizing (placing packages from the line onto
   pallets). I loaded large items and full pallets into freight container. I was requested by Supervisor and Lead man to
   perform tasks and taking on responsibilities of said tasks. I recorded excellent scores on quarterly assessment reviews.

   Express Printing Service                                                                            Compton, CA
   Graphic Designer / Manager                                                                        7/1990 to 8/2005
   I worked as a graphic designer and the front office manager. My duties included designing artwork for production using
   PC and Mac and utilizing multiple software: CorelDraw, Adobe Photoshop and Pagemaker, Microsoft Word and others,
   consulting with clients and creating print solutions, servicing front counter customers, the ordering of supplies and
   stocking them, making deliveries, operating bindery machines, monitoring telephone calls, and filing.

 Education
   The Art Institute of Pittsburgh Online Division                                                 Pittsburgh, PA
   Associate Degree Graphic Design, GPA 3.0                                       Expected Completion: 11/20/13
   Selected Coursework: Fundamentals of Design, Color Theory, Perspective, Drawing, Life Drawing, Concept
   Development, Computer Literacy, Painting, Typography, Digital Image Manipulation, Electronic Design, Mixed
   Media, Digital Illustration, Dimensional Design, Corporate Identity, Foundations of Electronic Production, Design
   and Technology, Corporate Identity, Design Principles, Advertising Design, Advance Communications.

   Platt College                                                                                      Cerritos, CA
   Graphic Design Diploma                                                                        Completed: 06/1990



  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Advertising Design
  
  
    Pagemaker
  
  
    Color
  
  
    Computer Literacy
  
  
    Concept
   Development
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    Cooking
  
  
    CorelDraw
  
  
    Corporate Identity
  
  
    clients
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Digital Illustration
  
  
    filing
  
  
    front office
  
  
    graphic designer
    Drawing
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    Digital Image Manipulation
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    Painting
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Typography
  


