
Pamela A. Ratkus
2905 Richard Pace South, Williamsburg, VA 23185
(757) 345-9377 , pratkus1@cox.net
Summary:
		
Results-oriented business professional with catering, event planning and administrative experience. Execeptional customer service, operational, and leadership skills. Effective in creating a postive and productive work environment.
Experience

11/2008 -5/2009
The Bull &amp; Bear Club
Richmond, VA 
Administrative Assistant
Handle all incoming calls to the club. Assist the Director of Administration with billings, club memberships, sales packets and other various projects.
Create, write, and distribute the club newsletter and other marketing materials.
Coordinate and collaborate with the sales and catering departments regarding club events.

9/2006 - 8/ 2007 
The Great Wolf Lodge
Williamsburg, VA
Conference Sales Coordinator
Assist the sales department with the booking and selling of future events.
Implement and coordinate all in-house events including corporate meetings, family reunions, holiday functions, retreats etc.
Assist the Director of Sales with special projects as needed.
Create, prepare, document, and distribute all Banquet Order Events for the hotel. Point of contact for all functions and function space within the hotel.

8/2005- 9/2006
The Williamsburg Hospitality House
Williamsburg, VA
Executive Assistant 
Assist the General Manager with the daily operations of the hotel, prepare monthly budget and sales reports, and execute manager's staff meeting and record minutes. 
Handle and process all General Liability and Workmen's Compensation Insurance claims. Manage, prepare, and maintain all employee health insurance benefits, 401(k) plan, and life insurance benefits.
Prepare, document and execute various operating contracts for the hotel.
Process all new hire paperwork including payroll and tax forms.
Administer employee review forms to all managers and maintain accurate personal data through      
ADP software.
9/2003 - 6/2005                                       Witt Mares, PLC.                         Newport News, VA
Learning &amp; Development Coordinator
Developed and implemented a firm-wide Training and Learning Program with the assistance of various departments.
Scheduled, conducted, and/or trained classroom, individual and outside training sessions.
Handled all CPA license renewals and memberships.
Maintained training manuals, CPE and training records.
Performed all events planning for firm wide events.
Carried out daily administrative duties and tasks for the Chief Operating Officer of the firm.
Coordinated all travel arrangements for employee travel.
Performed human resource duties including employee benefits, firm recruiting, and firm motivational programs.
Education
8/1985 - 5/1989 
University of New Hampshire
Durham, N.H.
B.S. Degree in Business Administration

References
References are available on request.









  
    Accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    ADP
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    billings
  
  
    budget
  
  
    closing
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    CPA
  
  
    client
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    General Manager
  
  
    human resource
    Human Resources
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Director
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    office
  
  
    newsletter
  
  
    Office Manager
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    tax
  
  
    phone
  
  
    training manuals
  
  
    travel arrangements
  


