
ALICIA L. MICKLE-BOOTH
*751 ARBOR GATE LANE   *LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30044
Alicia.Mickle@gmail.com
678-458-3754


Objective	
To utilize my experience in the Health IT industry where medical training, education, excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills can be best utilized.
Education	 
Tennessee State University      Management Information Systems	 Graduated May 1996
Bachelor's Degree in Management Information Systems (MIS)

Keller Graduate School            Information Systems Certificate            Completed June 2010
Master's Certificate in Management Information Systems Management (CISM)
Skills

PACS Administrator: Managing digital images for quality and accuracy for departments including Radiology, Cardiology, Mammography, Dermatology, CT, MRI and specialties such as ENT. Working closely with Radiologist to support viewing Dicom images via Philips PACS system. Also involves troubleshooting, messages including HL7 and RIS via GE ConnectR. Testing using Pass / Fail format for Go Lives, upgrades and reporting to leadership is another requirement.
 
Information Technology: Working in the Health Care Technology field with over 15 years professional experience in technical support deploying, migrating, imaging and upgrading a wide range of systems.  Supporting and managing networking from switch to data jack and utilizing IP addressing utilities. Critical responsibilities include ability to quickly access and triage in the event of system outages, initiate team bridge calls. Create an incident in Remedy and alert managed service partners while continually engaging the business partners affected.

Project Management /Business Analyst: Program Management Team (PMT) City of Atlanta. Responsible for performing systems improvement optimization and integration for the Bureau of Watershed Protection (BOWP) divisions and the Technical Services Automatic Meter Reading (AMR) initiative. Requirements were to development custom web-based applications to automate manual business process. Application interfaces include Hansen Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), Systems and Software enQuesta billing system, and Accela. Using a business process management methodology for documenting work flows and database system development lifecycle. 
Programming / Database: Academic training in Visual Basic.NET, PL/SQL (ORACLE), Access / SQL Database, Database Modeling Concepts (Use Case), Logical, Physical cardinality and UML. 

Asset Management / Procurement: Over eight years experience working with B2B vendors including Dell, HP, ATT, and Sprint managing estimates and completing / receiving orders. Managing and inventorying equipment and software assets using Peregrine and Maximo ITAM databases. 


Work History	

Distributed Computing Analyst   (DCA)			
As a DCA, requirements are to utilize IT technical skill sets and Kaiser IT standards to support business partners within the regional administrative offices and medical facilities. Report outages and initiate bridge calls with each department affected. This could include Health Connect, IBM partners, Cerner, Network team leads. Other responsibilities include asset management, PC imaging, printer fleet management, and work flow. Remedy is the database used for tickets, escalations and managing assets. 

Medical Office Field Support- Supporting computing services for pharmacy, medical departments, administrative offices and business partners assigned to the medical offices. 
Executive Support - Select team designed to engage top level executives and their assistances who utilized specialized computing and conferencing equipment. Urgency is emphasized. 
Training - Coordinated training agendas and created training plans for new and current IT regional/ field teams. 

CH2M HILL, Atlanta, Georgia 	   			   Apr 2001 - Feb 2009

Business Analyst			   
Responsible for business process management work with the City of Altanta's Department of Watershed Management BOWP, Technical Services AMR and Bureau of Management (HRIS) programs. Utilizing Business Process Mapping and Re-Engineering methodologies to capture as-is workflows, then presenting the findings to clients and project teams for system improvements, optimization and integration. 

Program Management Team (PMT) City of Atlanta 2008- Responsible for performing systems improvement optimization and integration for the Bureau of Watershed Protection (BOWP) divisions. Requirements were to develop a paperless system bureau wide through automation of manual business process.  Responsibilities involved the development of custom web-based applications to automate field forms and reports by manipulating relevant data from SQL and Oracle databases. Application interfaces include Hansen Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), enQuesta, and Accela. 
Program Management Team (PMT) City of Atlanta 2007 -As a member of the PMT, responsibilities included assisting with the City of Atlanta's Web-Based Technical Services AMR initiative. Also for contributing to the process of streamlining communication between small and large meter departments and external site developers and vendors.  Collaborating with client and software developers, provided standardization for the City of Atlanta employees, DWM, Bureau of Drinking Water, the Technical Services Division, the Bureau of Wastewater Treatment &amp; Collection, and the Human Resources Information System (HRIS) with aspects of Business Process Mapping and Re-Engineering, Training, and Web-Based Technical Services. 
Information Technology Specialist   			
As an experienced IT professional, provided support for desktop, servers, and local network (LAN), switches, printers, wide area network (WAN) connectivity and telecommunications.  Platforms included Windows XP, Windows Vista, Office 2003/2007, Microsoft Server 2000 /2003, VMware, Exchange 2005, and SQL 2005. Workflow databases used were Peregrine Service Center and HP Service Center. Asset management databases used were Peregrine and Maximo ITAM.

Special Projects Disaster Recovery Asset Coordinator (Hurricane Katrina 2005- 2006)-  Lead point of contact  (POC) responsible for rapid deployment of computer, network equipment and telephony assets as required by on site Project Mangers. Projects involved with the Army Corps of Engineers and the Federal Emergency Management Agency for hurricane relief. Coordinating technical resources, and proactively managing assets for budget constraints.
Office POC - POC for the Atlanta office several teams including Panagon (FileNET) document management system.  Responsible for Panagon server upgrades and end-user support. Southeast region Antivirus POC using Trend Micro, responsible for maintaining updates and upgrades. 
Telephony - Sever Administrator (SA) for Avaya PBX system, phone setup and cross connections. POC for Blackberry Enterprise Activations, emFAST FACSys server support and AT&amp;T DID communications.




















  
    Visual Basic.NET
  
  
    Academic
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Antivirus
  
  
    Army
  
  
    Asset Management
    Asset management
    asset management
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    automate
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    billing system
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Analyst
  
  
    Business Process
    business process
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Database Modeling
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    DCA
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    document management
  
  
    FileNET
  
  
    forms
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HRIS
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    image
    imaging
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    IP
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    Access
    access
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Management Information Systems
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network
    network
    networking
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    ORACLE
    Oracle
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    PACS
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    Peregrine
  
  
    presenting
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    Procurement
  
  
    Program Management
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Rad
  
  
    Reading
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    Re-Engineering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    RIS
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Siemens
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    switches
    switch
  
  
    technical support
    user support
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    Telephony
    telephony
    phone
  
  
    Trend
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    UML
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrading
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    Workflow
  


