
PERSONAL RESUME OF JERRY BELLOTT, MSEE
P.O. Box 6721, Bridgewater, NJ 08807
Email: dgbellott@ieee.org; Phone: 732-853-5404

JOB OBJECTIVE: 
Experienced applications and technical support engineer with electrical engineering background seeks applications engineering position for pre-sales support and on-going technical support. I am also interested in using my technical writing skills.

SUMMARY: 
Experienced product developer, technical writer, and applications engineer. Have contributed innovative designs for microprocessor boards including PC motherboards, data networking equipment, microcontrollers, and digital switches plus GSM, 3G Cellular, Bluetooth, and other products. Expert EMI/EMC test designer. Extensive customer interactions to discuss possible new products, provide technical support,  and to review test plans, Experienced author of new product requirements, specifications, and test plans with traceability. Also user manuals, application notes, data sheets, and technical training courses. Significant contracts won with my technical writing. MSEE Georgia Tech (1980), BSEE WVU (cum laude, 1979). 

ACCOMPLISHMENTS: 
-As an applications engineer at Lucent Technologies, I supported 12 major accounts to respond to questions about semiconductor IC's, circuit boards, and software products. In 1999, I worked with a customer to learn their needs and wrote a new product specification that resulted in a two year design and manufacturing contract. I won awards for outstanding product development, team leadership, and customer support while working for Bell Labs.
-As Sr. Systems Engineer at start-up ViaGate Technologies, I co-developed the first fiber to the basement ATM switch. The switch provides services to 240 building clients including internet access and Ethernet LAN bridging. My system documentation aided sale of the company to VoIP innovator Tut Systems in 2001, which is now part of Motorola Broadband. 
-At DSPCon, Inc. I contributed system, EMI/EMC, and environmental test plans plus GUI test plans for products using technologies including radio, computing, data acquisition, audio and video encoding/decoding, DSP analysis and plotting software, and others. In addition I wrote contract fulfillment documentation. I was promoted for my work in 2007. 
-At Integrated Microwave Technologies in 2009, my user documentation for a new compact radio and video over LAN product line helped the company win a major government contract.

SKILLS: 
-Applications engineering for pre-sales and after sale technical support. Analog and digital electronics, computer and networking equipment, semiconductors, wireless products, application software, test and measurement equipment, and other products. 
-Authoring of new product system requirements, specifications, and test plans including system hardware/firmware/software test plans, application GUI test plans, EMI/EMC, and environmental test plans. FCC, CE, and other agency standards.
-Experienced author of white papers, application notes, user and maintenance manuals, data sheets, brochures, and presentations including roadmaps. 
-Authoring software including Microsoft Office, Visio, Project, and Expressions. Also Adobe products including Framemaker, Photoshop, Acrobat, and other PC, Mac, and Linux software. Experienced photographer and multimedia editor using PC and Mac software.
-Delivery of training courses on programming languages, microprocessor I/O, IDE, and development systems at Bell Labs. Delivery of training seminars on system hardware and software design, quality, product development methodologies, and design using DSP hardware at GT Digital. 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
IMT, Inc. (Formerly RF Extreme/Nucomm Inc.; Hackettstown, NJ, 1/12/2009 to 11/5/2009) 
Responsible for writing documentation for streaming video over IP products and microwave HD video transmitter and receiver products. Documented technical aspects of products, including streaming video using UDP/IP, LAN solutions, Web based GUI's, XML configuration file options, MPEG2 and MPEG4 circuits, multi-channel microwave transmitters, multi-antenna diversity microwave receivers, COFDM modulators/ demodulators, and maximal-ratio combining circuits. 

My user manuals contain installation, operating, and maintenance procedures, theory of operation, product specifications, firmware features, and circuit block diagrams. Studied OrCad schematics and worked closely with designers to prepare documentation source material. They describe operation of front panel user interfaces, PC GUI's, web based GUI's and configuration via XML files. Standards: Ethernet, Firewire, MPEG2/4, ATSC HDTV, DVB-T, DVB-ASI, HD-SDI, and Composite video interfaces. Contributed design suggestions in areas including product features, performance enhancement, circuit timing, I/O connectors, and grounding solutions. To support a contract bid, wrote user manuals, data sheets, and quick start guides for eight new compact radio and LAN products introduced the same week in mid 2009. Also edited engineering documentation. On-time delivery of this documentation helped the company win a major sales contract. 

DSPCon, Inc. (Bridgewater, NJ, 11/2005 to 9/2008)  
Engineer responsible for writing new product white papers, user manuals, and other customer contract documentation for PC based data acquisition, networking equipment and storage, plus RF receivers, SDR circuits, and GPS receivers. Wrote white papers for new wireless and wire-line telemetry products. I was promoted while working at DSPCon.

Designed system hardware and software test plans, EMI/EMC and temperature and humidity test plans, and designed test circuits for a system comprising multiple windows PC's, gigabit Ethernet switches, SATA and fibre channel HD interfaces, analog I/O hardware, and MPEG4 encoders. Led the test team to check the system features against requirements. Designed a test harness with cables of multiple types including KVM, Ethernet, SATA, audio/video, serial, others. Designed EMI/EMC tests for the product including conducted and radiated emissions and susceptibility tests.

My user manuals, data sheets, and other documentation covered product features, installation, operating instructions, maintenance procedures, software API's, Windows configuration file formats, other reference data, quick-start info, technical theory of operation, and other pertinent information. My documentation described PC, PowerPC, and DSP based products, MPEG4 encoders, PC GUI and web based GUI applications, plus hardware and firmware features for equipment. Also wrote documentation for Ethernet LAN equipment, fibre channel SAN equipment with RAID storage devices, large systems with VME and Compact PCI chasses (hardware, software, and firmware features), single PC based products, radio receivers, and  other products. Teamwork with design engineers on gathering material for manuals. Reviewed OrCad and other schematics to study products while designing test plans.

Documented customer API's for a multi-channel software defined radio and file format specifications for digital data recorders and other systems. Performed FMECA analysis for products and co-authored system requirements for a data acquisition off-line tape storage system. I delivered  more than 35 User and Maintenance manuals on-time while at the company. 

EXPRESS-TIMES INC. (Easton, PA 12/2004 to 11/2005) 
Freelance writer responsible for writing articles for the Express-Times. Covered municipal council, zoning, and planning board meetings, plus other civic events. Consistently met deadlines. 

VALLEY TECHNOLOGIES (Tamaqua, PA 9/2004 to 12/2004) 
Engineering contractor responsible for designing 64-core MathStar DSP circuits for a 6U Compact PCI PCB using Cadence OrCad.  Designed DDR2 and PROM memory, JTAG development and test interfaces, low voltage interfaces (LVDS, circuits using LVTTL and LVCMOS), a Xilinx Development System Interface, bypass decoupling for overall board including large IC's and backplane region, Compact PCI backplane connections, and other circuitry. The board has a PMC slot and is used for wireless, video, medical imaging, and satellite applications. Used Cadence OrCAD software to capture schematics. 

Wrote circuit board layout and manufacturing specifications for circuits. Worked with board manufacturer and layout companies to specify requirements for multilayer circuit board and routing of controlled impedance circuits. The VT-4000 served as MathStar's primary customer IC evaluation board during a two year period in which the company went public. 

RECENT COLLEGE COURSE PROGRAMS (See Recent Education) 
Recent college courses on TCP/IP, Ethernet hardware (Lafayette University, Easton PA, 2003) and  C++/MatLab (Lehigh University, Bethlehem PA, 2004); Technical Diploma in Electrical Wiring (Bethlehem Tech, Bethlehem PA, 2002). See recent education section.

VIAGATE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Now part of Motorola Broadband; Bridgewater, NJ 2000 to 2001)
As Senior Systems Engineer in the software group at successful start up, ViaGate Technologies, I co-developed the "VG4032 broadband service node" broadband switch and authored system requirements plus QA test cases. The switch uses IP over ATM, SONET OC-3 and OC-12 interfaces and VDSL for delivery of converged services to clients. The product provides MPEG video, internet access, and remote Ethernet LAN access for up to 240 clients. Researched VoIP solutions for future system enhancement and wrote a feature description of VoIP solutions using Tut Systems Inc. VoIP firmware in ViaGate Ethernet modems to communicate with media gateways in Southern Bell and other central offices. ViaGate was later purchased by Tut Systems, which is now part of Motorola.

Documented and contributed system requirements technical areas including: PowerPC based hardware, digital logic, Unix distributed multiprocessing software, ATM switching and networking features for delivery of MPEG2 digital video and LAN data, SONET fiber and VDSL interfaces with QoS prioritization, and system performance and reliability. Wrote software diagnostic requirements for power up self-test and SNMP network management software. System incorporates industry standards, including TCP/IP protocols, IP over ATM, SONET, 802.3, Ethernet over ATM, MPEG2 transport, MPLS, and DSL Forum recommendations. Responsible for C++ software release planning. Served as change control coordinator. 

BELL LABORATORIES (AT&amp;T and Lucent Technologies; 1981 to 2000)
Bell Labs Microelectronics Division (Now LSI &amp; Infineon, Inc.) (Allentown, PA 91- 2000) 
Lead engineer responsible for designing and developing circuits and QA test software for the 2G (GSM) and 3G cell phone, base station, and other wireless markets. Contributed to design of StarCore 32-bit DSP hierarchical memory architecture and 3G cellular baseband IC architectures. In a marketing strategic product planning role, I wrote design requirements for a new wireless product (custom ASIC interfaces for a 16-bit DSP) that resulted in a large two year design and manufacturing contract for Lucent. Taught a course on DSP I/O programming in Lucent's "Microelectronics University" employee education program. I received an award for outstanding customer support and technical writing while in the wireless division. 

As a lead PCB designer, I designed GSM Scepter IC evaluation and development platform boards using DSP1600 cellular modems (with built-in Flash memory), cellular Baseband/IF/RF interface circuits, audio telephony circuits, serial and parallel I/O circuits, and power circuits. These products were used by major cellular product manufacturers, including Motorola, Inc. Used PC-PADS to capture schematics. Designed and conducted EMI/EMC tests. Products received FCC, Canadian, and CE agency approvals. I won a design team leadership award for my work. 

Bell Labs Personal Computer Engineering and Networking Departments (Lincroft NJ, 1981 to 1991)
Co-designed Windows compatible "StarStation" PC Motherboard. Qualified and specified OEM motherboards, disk drives, NTSC video encoder/decoders, SVGA video circuits, motherboard diagnostic software, and other components. Supported intro to manufacture of product lines. 

Designed and developed of Intel X86 CPU circuits for use in a data networking product that provided packet switch network access in Bell Labs 5ESS. As a lead designer in the Definity PBX development department, I co-developed T3, ISDN-PRI fiber, ISDN-BRI, and other interfaces. Designed a dual port memory with pipelined read and write access, burst cache fill operations, and block I/O data transfers. I won an award for outstanding product development for my work. 

BELL LABORATORIES EDUCATION CENTER COURSES (1991-2000):
Non-technical: Technical Writing, Project Management, Business Cases, Leadership for Supervisors (perfect score on final exam), Product Marketing, Customer Service, and Negotiation.
Technical: SONET fiber optic, T1 trunks, ISDN, ISDN-PRI fiber optic trunks; Digital Signal Processing Theory, DSP IC Architectures and Assembly Language Programming, Intel processor architectures; C, Unix, ARM embedded processors, VHDL. 

EDUCATION:
GEORGIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (Atlanta, GA - 1980)
MSEE, 1980 (Math minor - 3.4 GPA)
Computer architecture and programming, digital signal processing, switching power supplies, low noise transistor circuit design, analog IC design. Research assistant on reconfigurable DSP array project. Teaching assistant.

WEST VIRGINIA UNIVERSITY (Morgantown, WV - 1979)
BSEE, 1979 - CUM LAUDE (3.5 GPA) 
Deans list. Member Eta Kappa Nu and Tau Beta Pi honoraries.
Microcontroller design, digital logic, Op Amp circuit design, Electromagnetic Wave Theory, Physics. 
Senior project: Liquid Crystal Aperture Photographic Exposure System with Camera Lens

RECENT EDUCATION (Since 2001):
LEHIGH UNIVERSITY (Bethlehem, PA - 2004)
Engineering C++ and MatLab course. MS Visual Studio C++ console applications. (Grade: A)

LAFAYETTE COLLEGE (Easton, PA - 2003)
EE course on Data Networking and the Internet. Topics: TCP/IP, Ethernet, protocols, ATM, FDDI.

BETHLEHEM TECHNICAL SCHOOL (Bethlehem, PA - 2002) 
CERTIFICATE TECHNICAL DIPLOMA, ELECTRICAL WIRING (174 CEU's; Full Credit) 
Power circuits, grounding, NEC, wiring of electrical equipment and other circuits. Technical project.  

PERSONAL:
Interests: photography, video making, ultimate Frisbee, football.
Willing to relocate. 

2/28/12

4 of 4




  
    3G
  
  
    Adobe products
  
  
    Acrobat
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    AGILE
  
  
    API
  
  
    ASIC
  
  
    Assembly Language
  
  
    agency
  
  
    ATM
  
  
    audio
  
  
    automotive
  
  
    Broadband
    broadband
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    cables
  
  
    Cadence
  
  
    circuit design
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    council
  
  
    CPU
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    Crystal
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    data acquisition
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    Delivery
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Product Development
    product development
  
  
    digital electronics
  
  
    DSP
    Digital Signal Processing
    digital signal processing
    DSP I
  
  
    digital video
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    DOORS
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    editor
  
  
    ELECTRICAL WIRING
    Electrical Wiring
  
  
    Engineer
    engineer
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    FDDI
  
  
    features
  
  
    Flash
  
  
    Framemaker
  
  
    Freelance writer
  
  
    gateways
  
  
    government
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    GSM
  
  
    disk drives
  
  
    http
  
  
    VME
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    Intel
  
  
    Intel X86
  
  
    internet access
  
  
    IP
  
  
    ISDN
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    languages
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Leadership
    team leadership
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    logic
  
  
    notes
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    marketing
    Product Marketing
  
  
    MatLab
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    memory
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    access
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    win
    Windows
    windows PC
  
  
    Microwave
    microwave
  
  
    modems
  
  
    motherboards
    Motherboard
    motherboard
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    multimedia
  
  
    NEC
  
  
    Negotiation
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network management
  
  
    network
    Networking
    networking
  
  
    OrCAD
    OrCad
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    PCI
  
  
    photographer
    Camera
  
  
    Physics
  
  
    product planning
  
  
    power supplies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processors
  
  
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Management
    quality management
    QA
  
  
    Express
  
  
    quick
  
  
    radio
  
  
    RAID
  
  
    read
  
  
    Research
  
  
    routing
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    schematics
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    SNMP
  
  
    Software Design
    software design
  
  
    SONET
  
  
    specification
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    streaming video
  
  
    switches
    switch
  
  
    System Design
  
  
    system documentation
  
  
    T1
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Teaching
  
  
    Teamwork
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    user manuals
    white papers
    Technical Writing
    technical writing
    user documentation
  
  
    telemetry
  
  
    telephony
    phone
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    VHDL
  
  
    video
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    MS Visual Studio
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    websites
  
  
    wiring
  
  
    author
    articles
  
  
    XML
  


