
Sharon Mannion
847-217-1109, s.mannion@comcast.net





". always displayed a high degree of integrity, responsibility, self-motivation and a talent in performing multi-functional tasks. team player for results oriented management. possesses a clear vision for success with an aptitude to establish goals, initiate strategies, and offer excellent customer service internally as well as externally. happy to give her my wholehearted endorsement."		Art Alltizer, Alltizer, Inc.


". dependable, reliable, hard working, knowledgeable, courteous and just a pleasure to deal with. I would have no hesitations in hiring her." 						Gary Miller, Country Companies


"She seems to have the ability to set you up for success.  I recommend Sharon to you without reservation."									Scott Holtz, 5207, Inc.


". demonstrates an uncanny style of management. completely able to manage those employees on her staff, but will also be a great role model to other managers."			Joe Fragale, Creative Benefit Strategies


"Her many successes are directly related to her hard work, diligence and personal sacrifice. team player with an excellent work ethic and an exceptionally high level of commitment."		
									Robin Schoonhoven, Real Estate Broker


". unquestionable honesty and integrity. highly efficient in unexpected crises or highly anticipated events. upbeat, positive, and classy with high standards in every area while being, and helping others to be, comfortable in familiar and unfamiliar situations."				Barb Olney, Pastor and sister


Sharon Mannion
847-217-1109, s.mannion@comcast.net

Accomplishments and Contributions
	Consistently monitored accounting, sales and inventory reports and initiated steps to insure accuracy and profit in all areas; held meetings as needed
	
Designed and implemented successful Customer Service, Support and Follow-up Training

Successfully developed strong Accounts Payable and Receivables staff allowing for accurate data entry, timely payments from customers and payments out to vendors

Developed and enforced office procedures which streamlined workload and increased efficiency and allowed for consistent and complete training of each team member

Developed strong, long-lasting client loyalty that met customer needs as well as increased sales consistently with a cordial, but effective business/sales style
	
Intervened as needed to resolve escalated customer/vendor disputes, to reconcile complex data errors or confusion and in-house situations 

Prepared detailed and effective correspondence, policies, procedures, memos and installation instructions

Developed successful marketing tools including website design, catalogs, brochures, articles, press releases, new logo, ads, mailers

Restructured office environment, data management, job descriptions, procedures and staffing to meet growing company needs for all areas including Purchasing, AP, AR, Order Entry, Inventory, Marketing, Warehousing, etc.

Successfully trained team members to take on new responsibilities such as human resources, marketing design and inventory management

Developed exciting corporate presence including logos, letterhead, business cards, as well as product merchandising

Created outstanding, focused marketing materials resulting in consistently strong sales

Developed and implemented complete disaster recovery program allowing company and employees to be prepared in an emergency, to take immediate steps to safety and have access to needed details and vendors to return company to functional, effective state as soon as possible.

Planned/managed creative, refreshing and enjoyable events for employees, guests and tenants

Worked closely with President and General Manager to select a choice facility including creation of efficient office space, purchase furnishings at a substantial discount and furnish with appropriate office equipment

Managed accurate and organized compilation of 20+ years of material for lawsuit allowing for proper presentation in court and lower legal fees
Sharon Mannion
847-217-1109, s.mannion@comcast.net


June 1994 - April 2006	
Livorsi Marine, Inc						847-548-5900
Grayslake  IL   60030
Business Manager - Managed all aspects of office including marketing, customer service/sales, in-house accounting, HR, correspondence, training, purchasing, inventory, data and file management
	Software used - Word Perfect, Word, Outlook, Quark, Adobe Suite, Pro-series, Excel

	
August 1993 - June 1994
Short Term office job in Texas
	
October 1984 - August 1993
Van Vlissingen and Co.					847-634-2300
Lincolnshire   IL   60069
Office Services Supervisor	- Network management, corporate events, correspondence, maintained databases, marketing assistance
Software used - Word Perfect, Lotus, Paradox, Novell, Skyline

	
1980 - 1984 (approx)
GBC
Northbrook  IL   60062
	Corporate/Branch Sales Support and Customer Service
	Software used - Metafile, Word Perfect and mainframe



Additional References
Dave Hatton		Financial Advisor			847-739-3871
Kathy Hoffman	VP International Hobbycraft	847-564-9945













- 3 -




  
    accounting
  
  
    Adobe Suite
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    databases
  
  
    file management
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    HR
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Lotus
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Network management
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    Paradox
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    Quark
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    sales management
  
  
    Sales Support
  
  
    software training
  
  
    Word Perfect
  


