
VENKY SRINIVASAN  	 (c) 479-282-7466 	venkadeshan@hotmail.com



VENKADESHAN (VENKY) SRINIVASAN

300 NE Moberly Lane, Apt # O3, Bentonville, AR, 72712  	  (c) 479-282- 7644      venkadeshan@hotmail.com

Qualification Highlights
Dynamic Versatile Leader with more than 14 years of industry experience in planning, development, implementation and management of Information Technology. The versatility is well demonstrated by the ability to lead and manage multimillion USD portfolios/programs at every level from hands on development.  
Proven expertise in delivery solution, transition management, execution of large programs/portfolios, program office management, pursuit, sales, pricing strategies, product evaluation, product delivery and warranty.
Ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, assimilate job requirements and employ new ideas, concepts, methods and technologies. Proven ability to build and maintain critical relationships involving clear communication, persuasion and diplomacy, and providing exceptional customer satisfaction. Adept at all aspects of personnel management, recruitment, resource onboarding, motivating and mentoring staff, management of virtual, multi-cultural and geographically diverse teams.
Demonstrated expertise in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, and custom designing solutions for complex business infrastructure. In-depth skills in all phases of software development life cycle, estimation techniques, agile development methodology, software testing, technical support and maintenance related processes, resource planning, and client/vendor relations.
Highly experienced in Service Oriented Architecture, design patterns, E-commerce and E-business applications, middleware, web development and hardware/software configuration.
Certified as PMP by PMI, CSQA by QAI, and MCP in .NET by Microsoft.
Thorough Knowledge in CMMI, ITIL, Six Sigma and other quality processes.
Significant accomplishments in the roles of Program Director, Portfolio/Program Manager, Senior Project Manager, Project Management consultant for various fortune 500 companies including American Express, Walmart, American President Liners (APL), British Gas, etc..,
 
Professional Experience
Apr 2010 - Sep 2010				Walmart 			                           Bentonville, US
										

Program Manager, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) Program

The objective of SOA Program was to adapt necessary tools and encompass changes within the SDLC processes of Walmart, which will help Walmart as an enterprise to leverage the benefits of Service Oriented Architecture. 

Highlights of the engagement are as below
Successful implementation and rollout of WebSphere Service Registry and Repository (WSRR)
Successful implementation of IBM's Service Oriented Modelling architecture (SOMA) in 2 pilot projects for Walmart
Rolled out training to Walmart architects and technical leads on SOMA methodology
Led the creation of 2 domain service portfolios
Managed ESB implementation strategy for Walmart

Apr 2009 - March 2010			Walmart 			                           Bentonville, US
										

Project Management Consultant, Walmart Information Systems Division (ISD) -PMO

ISD is the Information Systems Division of Walmart that serves the technology needs of both Walmart and Sams Club businesses. ISD - Program Management Office (PMO) is the department that takes care of all the program and project management processes and guidance for all the Walmart and Sams Club IT projects.

Project Management Consulting for Walmart ISD-PMO, is focussed on stream lining and maturing the IT Project Management processes that will enable efficient execution of Walmart and Sams Club IT Projects. Highlights of the engagement are as below

Generated project/program level metrics for each Vice President and director area/portfolio on a monthly basis
Performed project management maturity assessment and implemented necessary corrective actions
Mentored Walmart managers and directors with regard to project and program planning and execution for various SDLC methodologies including agile development methodology
Recommended customization of Clarity- project management tool, to suit Walmart specific requirements
Introduced stage gate reviews for all IT projects within Walmart
Streamlined resource management process and created necessary training document for resource managers
Conducted training sessions in estimation methodologies to Walmart Managers


May 2007 - April 2009           American President Liners (APL) Limited                          Oakland, US
										

Program Manager, Logistics Portfolio  

Application Maintenance and Support for APL was a 3 year production support and maintenance engagement for Infosys that was initiated in May 07. APL had 3 portfolios/business segments or towers viz. - Logistics, Liner and EDI &amp; Business Support. There were a total of 185 applications under the engagement and 62 applications under Logistics portfolio. The Logistics portfolio applications comprise of AS/400, Mainframe, Java, .NET and VB technology implementations. The platforms range from Windows, UNIX to OS/400. Infosys is expected to adhere to stringent service levels and deliver best in class production support and maintenance for these applications using proprietary tools such as IPSP, Mantra and Influx along with Industry based best practices and tools. 

Highlights of the engagements are as below

Successful completion of Transition of 62 applications within 3 months 
Achieved a productivity improvement of 15 % within the first 1 year of steady state, by implementing maintenance best practices
Efficient resource planning, sub-contractor on boarding and team ramp up of 80 resources within 4 weeks
Implementation of tools that will help improve production support efficiency
Exceeded customer expectations with regard to Service Level agreements which resulted in rewards for Infosys
Excellent client relationship Management, Program/Project Management and Delivery management that lead to the renewal of the 3 year contract for an additional 5 years for Infosys


Dec 2005 - April 2007                         Strategic Global Sourcing                                         Chennai, India
Senior Project Manager

Strategic Global Sourcing (SGS) unit within Infosys is focused on pursuit, solution, transition and execution of large outsourcing deals that are multiyear and multi-million dollar in nature. 

The highlights of the engagement are as below
Anchored the unit operations for SGS delivery for the Chennai, Delivery Center (DC).  
Developed delivery solution for multiple deal pursuits including notable Infosys clients such as ABN AMRO, KRAFT, AVON, CONSECO
Handled multiple projects and teams concurrently within the unit
Led a focussed recruitment drive and ramped up the unit team to 110 team members in a span of 3 months
Led the outsourcing academy initiative and created a virtual lab for the outsourcing academy
Anchored the competency development plan and training for the team, on large deal execution


Tata Consultancy Services								         Mar 1998 - Nov 2005

Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is Asia's largest Information Technology (IT) consulting company. TCS has its presence in 47 countries and has developed diverse IT solutions for more than 1000 clients worldwide, which include many fortune 500 companies. Have led and managed projects for TCS that spanned across different business domains, software platforms and geographical locations. 

Nov 2004 - Nov 2005				American Express 			Bangalore, India
Apr 2002 - Oct 2004										Florida, US

Program Director, Servicing and Sales Portal

American Express (Amex) is a well-known multinational Customer Services company with Credit cards and Travel Related Services forming their major business. Servicing and Sales Portal (SSP) is an intranet web based application developed for 6000 customer service agents of Amex, to help them service the customers in an efficient and effective manner.

SSP is a 3-tier portal built using Microsoft .NET framework with ASPX, XML and HTML pages hosted in IIS web server, interacting with VB.NET Components. The App Server interacts with the IBM MQ Series, DB2 and SQL. Due to enormous volume of data/transactions handled by American Express, most of the data resides in Mainframe. The data transfer between the app server and the back-end happens via Hub and Spoke architecture, DB2 connect and LU point-to-point connection via MDP (Message Driven Processor) Profiles accessing COBOL Programs. 

Managed 25 concurrent projects and a team of 95, consisting of Project Managers, Business Systems Analysts, Technical Leads and Developers.
Collaborated with Amex Senior management in building a strong relationship, rendering TCS the single vendor for the last 3 years.
Defined goals for customer satisfaction, solutions delivery and helped achieve the set goals.
Aided the client in strategic quality planning for projects and prioritizing business initiatives. 
Conducted recruitment, evaluation and staffing of consultants, developed an induction portal to help train the new inductees into the team.
Implemented six sigma processes and led 7 successful proposals for business process re-engineering.
Tracked the project plans, deliverables, issues, risks, consolidated resource forecast, financials for the group.
Developed application monitoring tools to monitor production environment and proactively circumvented problems.
Efficiently handled stringent customer needs to ramp-up the team, within a short notice.
Developed sizing methodologies, evaluated new tools for rules engine, code review &amp; testing.
Identified best practices, lessons learnt and created an exclusive database to benefit future projects.



Jun 2001 - Mar 2002                  AMP (Australian Mutual Provident Society)                  	London, UK

Senior Project Manager, Stake Holder Pensions Online

AMP is a leading international Financial Services company with more than 10 million customers worldwide. AMP (UK) Financial Services Ltd include NPI (National Provident Life), Pearl Assurance, Henderson Investments and London Life. AMP introduced the Internet product Stake Holder pensions on line for AMP NPI, AMP PEARL and Merryll Lynch.

Stake Holder Pensions online was an Internet application built to provide the detailed illustration of the pension plan, available to the customers based on the intended contribution amount &amp; investment options selected by them and/or their employers. The application consisted of ASP and HTML pages hosted in IIS, interacting with COM Components. Microsoft Site server was used to utilize the benefits of LDAP and Authentication services. MS-SQL Server served as the database.

Managed a team of 25 developers, including the client employees. 
Designed and developed architecture and security framework.
Implemented all major hardware and software infrastructure necessary for the application.
Success of the project resulted in multiple new projects for TCS.


Oct 2000 -May 2001				American Express 				Brighton, UK

Project Manager/Lead Technical Consultant

Managed, designed and developed an application to categorize customer call trend which will enable Amex to improve customer satisfaction or refine the business process.
Led the design and development of an application to re-engineer the processing of customer correspondence. The application was developed using VB and KOFAX Ascent Capture 4.1.

Apr 1999 -Oct 2000		BEML (Bharath Earth Movers Limited)      	           Bangalore, India

Project Lead, Integrated Information Systems (IIS)
BEML is a Government of India Enterprise engaged in manufacturing and marketing of a wide range of heavy earth moving equipment. IIS was an application designed to automate the entire marketing processes of BEML, covering Spare Parts Management System (which involves Acceptance of customer Order, Generating Sale Order, On line Allocation of parts for the accepted Customer Orders, Purchasing spare parts from both indigenous and Foreign Vendors, Receipt of Materials, and maintenance of Stock Inventory etc.), Finance, Personnel and Payroll, Equipment Sales and Service. The IIS application was a 3-tier architecture with Power builder frames and non-visual objects forming the front end, VB-Script COM Components in MTS as Middleware with SQL Server as Database.

Planned, managed, analyzed, designed, developed and implemented (IIS) for BEML
Re-engineered the business processes to reduce the excess inventory of BEML and increase profits. 
Led a team of 10 developers.


May 1998 - Mar 1999			BG-Transco (British Gas), UK         			Bangalore, India

Systems Analyst/Consultant
BG-Transco is a major utilities services company in UK involved in transport of gas from the shippers to end-users. Application Transfer Link (AT Link) is the software used by Transco to facilitate its business. 

Developed and implemented the migration plan to migrate AT Link from CSP AD 3.3 to 4.1
Led the integration and system testing of the application.



Schools &amp; Certifications

College		 	: 	Master of Engineering in Production Engineering, Anna University, CEG, Chennai, India. February '98. Secured first rank, CGPA- 9.27

Project Management    : 	Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute, U.S. January '04

Quality Analyst	 : 	Certified Software Quality Analyst (CSQA), Quality Assurance Institute (QAI), 	U.S. 	June'02

Technical	 	: 	Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), for developing and implementing Windows based Applications with Microsoft Visual Basic.NET and Microsoft Visual Studio.NET, Microsoft Corporation, U.S. March '03 

Technical Expertise
OS/Database	                Office/Special Software  	  Languages	

	Windows XP/NT/2000		                MS Project			 VB.NET
	AS/400	                    CA Clarity/Open Work Bench		ASP.NET, ASP
         UNIX / LINUX		                      Blaze Advisor 5.1               			  Visual Basic
	SQL Server 2000/7.0	                    Power Designer				Power builder
	DB2	                    IBM MQ Series				C#
	Oracle	                    IIS/MTS				C/C++
	Access / Sybase	                    ABT Results Mgmt suite		HTML/XML/XSL
	CICS	                    Message Driven Processing		Java
	VM	                    CSP AD 3.3/4.1				COBOL
	MVS	                    MS Site Server				JCL
		                    E-changeman /changeman		Basic/ FORTRAN
			                                    PVCS Version Manager								                                                                 Visual Source Safe












  
    Microsoft .NET
    VB.NET
    .NET
    ASP.NET
  
  
    AD 3.3
  
  
    agile
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    APL
  
  
    AS/400
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    automate
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business process
    business processes
    business process re-engineering
  
  
    Business Systems
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CICS
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    COM
  
  
    CA
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Customer Services
    customer service
  
  
    data transfer
  
  
    Database
    database
  
  
    DC
  
  
    Delivery
    delivery
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    Senior management
  
  
    Finance
    financials
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    FORTRAN
  
  
    Government
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Hub
  
  
    human resource
    HR
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IBM MQ Series
  
  
    MVS
  
  
    WebSphere
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    illustration
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
  
  
    Investments
  
  
    IT Project Management
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    LINUX
  
  
    Logistics
  
  
    director
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    Mgmt
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Materials
  
  
    Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Microsoft Certified Professional
    MCP
  
  
    Office
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Middleware
  
  
    migration
  
  
    MTS
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    OS/400
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    peak
  
  
    PEARL
    Pearl
  
  
    Personnel
  
  
    Power builder
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Program Management
    program management
  
  
    program planning
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    PVCS
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Express
  
  
    quick
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    relationship Management
  
  
    rendering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    MS Site Server
    Microsoft Site server
  
  
    six sigma
  
  
    Service Level agreements
  
  
    Visual Source Safe
  
  
    MS-SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    SSP
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    trend
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    VB-Script
  
  
    Visual Basic
    Microsoft Visual Basic
    VB
  
  
    Microsoft Visual Studio
  
  
    VM
  
  
    web server
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSL
  


