
Laura M Rike's Resume 2012
Laura Rike
Owner &amp; CEO at Endeavor Media Solutions
laura.rike@gmail.com

Summary
I am a qualified and motivated individual with a background in concept and layout development along
with photo selection and production for newspapers, magazines, brochures, and all marketing related
items.

I feel that my impressive communication skills would be a great addition to your company. I have a
strong background in Microsoft and Mac software, and I am very knowledgeable in working with
social networking sites. I believe that those qualities alone make me an outstanding candidate.

I would be a valuable member of your company due to my background experience. I have a vast
amount of knowledge working collectively to meet deadlines, as I have worked in both an editorial
management position as well as a social media marketing position. I`ve had the opportunity to
manage a large group of individuals to ensure the company continues to run smoothly.

Specialties
Social Media Marketing, Online Marketing, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator,
Microsoft Office, Microsoft Works, and much more!


Experience
Social Media Intern at Awakened Planet
June 2011 - September 2011 (4 months)
 I work on the following:
 *Advertising strategy and design
 *Research community service/charity/philanthropy opportunities
 *Managing client satisfaction
 *Event management
 *Research and apply for grants and other "free money" opportunities
 *Managing interns
 *Developing joint ventures
 *Design flyers, postcards, newsletters, and other mailings
 *Market research
 *Networking and promotion
 *Press /media management
 *Website maintenance and shopping cart integration
 *Product and service development
 *Becoming a Sales Ninja
 *Social media and Internet marketing
 *Managing speaking engagements
 *Virtual assistance
 *Writing, editing, and blogging

Media Relations Manager at Elite Wellness Institute


                                                                                                Page2
January 2011 - September 2011 (9 months)
 Was responsible for creating comprehensive strategies with the use of an online media. Work on
 developing written and website-based promotional materials for Elite Wellness activities, blog, and
 charitable donations. I also made sure to maintain website visibility as well as a favorable
 experience for the users.

 I was also responsible for creating and distributing a regular e-newsletter. I collected email
 addresses using a wide variety of means and develop/implement new ways to collect these email
 addresses. I planned and implemented different social media forms so as to help promote
 recognition of brands and promotions and in order to attract traffic to our company's websites. I
 assigned marketing interns tasks in order to supervise certain platforms for social media and
 develop regular updates for the company's followers, fans and site visitors.

Editorial Manager at L'elite Magazine
January 2011 - September 2011 (9 months)
 Was responsible for distributing tasks to employees for the content of the magazine. I ensured that
 each and every article is up to standards and adheres to our company's brand identity. As the
 manager I also planned and implement the layout, ordered and placed the articles and
 advertisements to ensure engaging our readers.

Marketing Research Intern at BNR Global
January 2011 - April 2011 (4 months)
 As a marketing research intern I was asked to explore all valid Social Media in relation to increasing
 the visibility and credibility of BNR Global to certain overseas markets. Research what the
 competition is doing and implement countermeasures and lastly but not limited to, developing
 videos to increase excitement on our products.
 1 recommendation available upon request

Media Relations Intern at L'elite Magazine
January 2011 - March 2011 (3 months)
 Developed written and website-based promotional materials for activities,blog, and charitable
 donations. Developed and implemented specific approaches to marketing services and special
 events with an emphasis on client outreach and website development. Provided public
 presentations to individuals, groups, community conferences, and other venues. Developed and
 implemented materials and marketing methods for special fundraising events and capital
 campaigns. Attended presentations, and wrote articles and/or take photos. Assisted with speaker
 training workshops, meetings and other events. Conducted research and analysis, by tabulating
 results from evaluation forms and creating reports summarizing key findings. Participated in the
 development of new marketing materials.

Pre-Legal Collections at Messerli &amp; Kramer
October 2009 - August 2010 (11 months)


                                                                                                 Page3
 Under supervision, I was assigned continuing responsibility for the investigation, analysis, and
 follow-up for the collection of overdue accounts.
 I interviewed and correspond with clients, attorneys, outside agencies and others in order to obtain
 information, explain policies, and secure collection of accounts; advise clients of alternative
 solutions for meeting their obligations; make payment agreements and write payment plans; explain
 and interpret collection policies and procedures to other employees; make interpretations of legal
 guidelines relating to loan collection practices and procedures as necessary; and recommend
 specific actions such as attachment of real assets, referrals to collection agencies, and write-off of
 accounts.

Collections Manager at Bureau of Collection Recovery - an Aditya Birla Minacs company
July 2006 - October 2009 (3 years 4 months)
 As a Collection manager I was responsible for all aspects of collection management and
 development for their assigned subject areas, including selection of information resources; storage,
 preservation, and weeding decisions (collection management); faculty liaison; collection
 interpretation (specialized reference service and user instruction); collection evaluation; and
 budgetary management.
 1 recommendation available upon request



Skills
InDesign
Photoshop
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Works
Writing
Newsletters
Illustrator
Promotions
Brochures
Social Media
Social Media Marketing
Facebook
SEO
Social Networking
Online Marketing
Email Marketing
Public Relations
Copywriting
Wordpress
Marketing Communications
Advertising
Press Releases
YouTube


                                                                                                 Page4
Digital Marketing
Event Planning
Google Analytics
Media Relations
Blogging
Marketing Strategy
Graphic Design
Market Research
Adobe Creative Suite
Event Management
Publicity
Creative Development
Direct Marketing


Education
International Academy of Design
DEGREE:        Bachelors Degree, Advertising &amp; Graphic Design, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies: Academic Honors Club
Graphic Design Club
Web Design Club
The Fashion Forward Club
  2 recommendations available upon request

Northwestern College
Bachelors, Graphic Design, 2005 - 2006
Activities and Societies: Dance Team

Rosemount High School
2001 - 2005
Activities and Societies: Honors Club, Color Guard, Kick Line, Modern Company



Honors and Awards
Deans list all through my education with IADT

Interests
Social media, Design, Dance, Rollerblading,




                                                                                Page5
Laura Rike
Owner &amp; CEO at Endeavor Media Solutions
laura.rike@gmail.com




4 people have recommended Laura
 "Laura always produces beyond our expectations. She is creative and inventive. Her "out of the
 box" thinking and ability to bring in the latest in marketing technology has allowed BNR Global to
 advance to the next level since before she started. Laura is easy to work with and is always flexible
 She is always open to other people's ideas. Laura always gets the job done in a timely manner."
 -- Peter Rieke, Owner and Commercial Director, BNR Global, managed Laura at BNR Global

 "Laura's ability to instantly inject energy and promote a no quit attitude are assets rarely found.
 Couple this with her incredible work ethic and desire to grow and it is easy to see why she was
 such a pleasure to manage. She would strengthen any organization she joined."
 -- Nathan Anderson, Associate Vice President, Bureau of Collection Recovery, managed Laura at
 BCR

 "Laura and I worked together on a group project. Laura's creativity allowed our group to complete
 our assignment succesfully!"
 -- Mary Jo Melo, Student, International Academy of Design, studied with Laura at International
 Academy of Design

 "Laura creates wonderfully rich designs with a contemporary professional look and feel to them. I
 really love her work and would recommend her to anyone."
 -- Wayne Moran, Sr Software Engineer, MCG Energy, advised Laura at International Academy of
 Design



Contact Laura on LinkedIn




                                                                                                   Page 6



  
    Adobe
  
  
    Photoshop
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    advertisements
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    agency
  
  
    brand identity
  
  
    Brochures
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    content
  
  
    Copywriting
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    dependable
  
  
    Creative Development
  
  
    Direct Marketing
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    editing
  
  
    Email
    email
  
  
    Event Planning
    event planning
    Event Management
    Event management
    special
 events
  
  
    forms
  
  
    fundraising
  
  
    grants
  
  
    Graphic Design
  
  
    Illustrator
    Adobe Illustrator
  
  
    InDesign
    Adobe InDesign
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Internet marketing
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Legal
    legal
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Marketing Strategy
  
  
    Market Research
    Market research
    marketing research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    Marketing Communications
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Media Relations
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    money
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Microsoft Works
  
  
    Networking
    networking
  
  
    Newsletters
    newsletters
    newsletter
  
  
    Online Marketing
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Press
    Press Releases
  
  
    promotion
    promotional materials
  
  
    Public Relations
    public relations
  
  
    speaker
    speaking
  
  
    Publicity
  
  
    Recruiting
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    self-motivated
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Website
    web site
    website
    website development
    websites
  
  
    workshops
  
  
    written
    articles
  


