
ANOOP THOMAS JOY
3009 SW Archer Road, Apt D-12, Gainesville, FL-32608 * anoop.joy@live.com * (352) 870-0980
OBJECTIVE: 
To give a good start to my software career by joining eminent and highly professional software company and contribute to the success of the company by outstanding performances and thereby advancing my career.
EDUCATION:
Master of Science in Biomedical Engineering 							     May 2012
Minor in Computer Science		  		          GPA:  3.7/4.0	       University of Florida, Gainesville.     
Bachelor of Engineering in Biomedical Engineering	          GPA:  4.0/4.0	    	                                  May 2010
 University of Mumbai, India.
KNOWLEDGE: 
Analysis of Algorithms, Database Management Systems, Embedded System, Data Structure and Programming, Cloud Computing, Signal Processing, Image Processing, Computer Architecture, Microcontrollers.
EXPERIENCE:

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY: 
Programming Languages
: C, C++, MATLAB
Scripting Languages
: Python, HTML, CSS, PHP, Django.
Databases
: SQL, Oracle, MySQL, PL/SQL.
Tools
: Eclipse, Simulink, LABVIEW, Kiel, PSpice, Eagle.
Operating Systems
: Linux, Windows.
PROJECTS:
Data manipulation in Python 						              		              March 2012 - Present
Implementing a Python script that will parse a packed array of single-precision 'floats' encoded in base64, increment it, and then output the array and some related statistics, serialized in JSON format.
Implementation of a file-based database using C++ 							  March 2012
Implemented a file-based database with command-line interface for the Linux platform, allowing three commands 'insert', 'find', 'delete', using C++. 
Built a GNU makefile to implement the code and test.sh - shell script that verifies the executable.
Hire-n-expert (Database project) 						            August 2011 - December 2011
Design, developed and implemented a yellow pages kind of web service to hire a technician, a worker or a freelancer in a very systematic and trustworthy manner (from user point of view).
Used Oracle for database and Django (a python based framework) was used for web development and HTML and CSS for designing the web pages.
Bitmask based code Compression and Decompression (Embedded systems) 		       	        November 2011
Implementation of bitmask-based compression and decompression functions using C language.
The working prototype took any 32-bit binary file, compressed it to produce compressed data and then decompress the compressed data to generate the original input and also calculated the compression ratio.
Petri net simulator (Embedded Systems)   							       September 2011
Created simulator in C capable of loading an initial state of a Petri net and generate the step-by-step simulations for a user defined number of stages.
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT:
Received the College of Engineering Achievement Award of a 50% tuition waiver at the University of Florida.
J.R.D. Tata Trust scholarship for academic achievement in Engineering undergraduate. 
Rank Certificate holder in the 2nd and 3rd year of Bachelor of Engineering in a class of 60 students.



  
    C
    C language
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Database Management
    Databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    Embedded Systems
    Embedded systems
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Image processing
    Image Processing
  
  
    Imaging
  
  
    LABVIEW
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    MATLAB
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    PSpice
  
  
    Python
    python
  
  
    Research
  
  
    script
    Scripting
  
  
    shell script
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    technician
  
  
    view
  
  
    web development
    web pages
  


