
****************
                                                             Marcus Aurelius Daniels
                                                     I Am a U.S. Citizen
                                            1925 Byron St., San Jacinto Ca. 92583
                              Tel. (424) 744-1741 Email: madman961@hotmail.com	
	


Career Summary: A full-time, permanent career opportunity where I can transfer my management/logistics and administrative skills to a service-oriented environment. Provide written and reference materials to other Professionals in regards to Production procedures, policies and directives.  
 


C.E.O./Infinity Prods./Producer/Director/Writer from 2000 to Present
I possess the advanced knowledge and experience, skills and ability to produce/direct film/video/multimedia content from conception to completion. I have ability to create "Life" in the form of art!



I have the experience to successfully Produce/Write/Direct and Act (actor), in order to determine the appropriateness of concept and design of Film/Video/Multimedia content. 
I have the experience to select the appropriate production equipment to effectively execute and deliver film/video based content as well as other multimedia product and services. I have the experience to successfully interpret the vision of the Writer/Client (Educational and Scientific Professionals), for educational and communications/outreach and convey that vision to Cast/Crew (Contract and In-House), while maintaining the structural integrity of Story/Vision from concept-to-completion. I have the experience to develop content in concert with an educational, biographical, historical, informational, comedic and dramatic blended strategy. I also have the experience to Produce/Write Scripts/Treatments, Direct and Rehearse Cast and Crew thru staging/blocking for Camera, Equipment, Scene Continuity and Actor/re-action exercises, including (but not limited to), other complexities (Fight Scenes). 
I have the experience and expertise to light a studio scene/setting for Still/Motion Photography of Film/HD Video (35mm or Digital).
I have the advanced knowledge and experience to edit (Film/Video/Audio), utilizing computerized linear/non-linear and digital/analog editing systems (Final Cut Pro editing software/Moviola editing machine/AVID). 
I also have the advanced knowledge and experience to incorporate 2D motion graphic design/titling, 3D modeling, character animation and motion graphics. To also include compositing, Blue screen/green screen, motion tracking, color correction, image repair and wire removal. I also have the experience to oversee the utilization of Digital sets and backgrounds. I have extensive knowledge and experience as to the augmentation of raw stock footage as well as determining necessary re-shoots to compliment or complete a production. I have the advanced knowledge, skills and ability to manage computer-generated imagery. Imagery that fuses live-action footage with CGI, to realistically portray scenes ranging from subtle, to the stunningly imaginative.
 
I have the advanced knowledge, skills and ability to manage ADR-voiceover recording sessions, audio-editing mixdowns, mix-to-pix, soundscaping, audio sweetening, broadcast production and radio spots. I also have the experience to Produce and record
Audio for the Internet, Podcasting and Interactive Applications, Multi-lingual international audio, digital sessions via ISDN or IP with MusicCam and ATP systems. I also have the advanced knowledge, skills and abilities to Produce Music, apply sound-effects (from libraries or foley), and layback those sound elements to recorded or archived multimedia (audio/video), effectively. 



I have the acquired management skills and experience, to manage "International" as well as "Domestic" Cast and Crews from Prep-to-Post. I can also write and verbally communicate the overall vision of the Writer/Client to all (cast and crew), so that all creative and artistic integrity (imaginary or real), are congruent throughout Production.
I can also simultaneously manage multiple projects with differing complexities, content, deadlines and budgetary issues (personally performing managerial or craft skills through a mixture of in-house or contract staff), effectively.
I can also effectively evaluate, modify, reprioritize the potential impact of production and, if necessary, independently implement (or recommend), new policy to upper-management or need-to-know personnel. 


I have some knowledge and experience working with Vyvx Optical Fiber networks for Live Productions and Distribution, Analog TV-1 in-bound and out-bound lines as well as a 270MB SDI in-bound and out-bound circuits. 


I have extensive knowledge and experience on the use of film/video/television HD/Mini DV/Arriflex cameras. Nagra and DAT recorders (for dialogue) and wireless microphones. 
I also have the advanced knowledge and experience operating Adobe and all its applications (After-Efx, Reader), Maya graphics and Special-Efx software. I have expertise (experience), in Microsoft Office and all its applications (Word, Power Point, Excel, etc.) and I can type 45 wpm. I also work with Movie Magic Scheduling/Budgeting software, and Gorilla Budgeting/Scheduling software. To also include Final Draft and countless others script/budgeting software. 
I have the advanced expertise and experience in ensuring the timely flow of a Production while maintaining continuity. These knowledge, skills and abilities I've acquired, have made it possible for me to complete any production to be displayed or exhibited on or in any format (Museum or Exhibition setting). 
                          

"Almost Related" Feature Film (Writer/Producer/Director/Actor)
Oct. 2011 to Jan 2012
"Home-Girls On Horseback" (HGOHB) Show-Runner (Producer/Director/Writer) 
Simultaneous Live Broadcast/Streaming of Reality Cable T.V. Pilot

*	Wrote, Developed and Structured Reality T.V. Concept	
*	Scouted and secured all Locations Deals
*	Auditioned and Hired Talent as well as structured all Talent Deal Memos
*	Negotiated and structured all Post Production Deals
*	Negotiated and structured all Cast/Crew Deals
*	Negotiated and determined all Departmental Budget Limits as well as Supply    
            Expenditures									                   
*	Negotiated Fees for all Production Equipment/HD Camera and Supplies
            Brought Video in under budget					
            All work is based on a 40 to 60 hr. week during Pre and Post Production 			                         60 to 80 hr. week during Principle Photography 

"Charming" Music Video (Writer/Producer/Director)
   Budget for "Charming Music Video" was $50,000.00 
*	Wrote, Developed and Structured Video Concept	
*	Scouted and secured all Locations in Miami as well as negotiated all Location  Deals
*	Auditioned and Hired Talent as well as structured all Talent Deal Memos
*	Produced and Directed the entire Video on film.
*	Negotiated and structured all Post Production Deals
*	Negotiated and structured all Crew Deals
*	Negotiated and determined all Department Budget Limits as well as Supply    
            Expenditures									                   
*	Negotiated Fees for all Film Equipment as well as Film and Camera Supplies		     Brought Video in under budget								 All work is based on a 40 to 60 hr. week during Pre and Post Production 			                                      60 to 80 hr. week during Principle Photography 
               
 "Harmony Run" Feature Film Short (Producer/Actor)				                                    Budget for "Harmony Run" was $30,000.00						       
*	Developed Storyline thru Script Revisions		                                                
*	Auditioned/Interviewed all Cast and Crew					                        
*	Hired and negotiated all Cast and Crew deal				   	                   
*	Engaged and resolved all production conflicts				                         
*	Wrote and produced all music and soundtracks 						    
*	Worked closely with Editor by suggesting Shot selections thru the entire Editing                
*	Process for the purpose of maintaining the Integrity of the Directors' Vision
*	Located and secured all locations as well as structured all location deals	
*	Brought Film in under budget								  All work is based on a 40 to 60 hr. week during Pre and Post Production			                         60 to 80 hr. week during Principle Photography
All Deals were Negotiated thru Research and Cost Analysis


FM ENTERTAINMENT/DEM Productions						             Creative Executive                                                                                                                   From: Jan-1987 to Jan-1996 (40 hr. week)
*	Developed Companies' Film Slate 
*	Supervised Development of Scripts
*	Supervised Films Financial Packaging
*	Supervised Company's Film Acquisitions
*	Developed and Maintained Companies' Website
*	Secured TV and Cable Contracts for Companies' Film Library
*	Supervised work performance of employees as well as the interviewing,          
            Hiring and training of said employees.
*	Authorized as well as verified Overtime of employees. 
*	Responsible for computing hours of work for employees on a weekly basis  (through Computed and balanced time cards and attendance), to determine pay.
*	Responsible for resolving all Payroll issues as well as maintaining the security of  Personal And sensitive information.
  
CLS Limo:
Head (Lead) Driver
From: December 1985 to January 1987
*	Drove A-List Stars and Entertainment Industry Moguls
*	As Lead Driver I Organized and Coordinated Celebrity Functions (Oscars,  Grammys MTV Awards. etc), as well as budgeting the cost of extra-curricular activities during said events.
*	As Lead Driver it was my job to transport all Medical and Ambulatory clients. I  drove A-List Stars as well as Entertainment Industry Heavy-Weights to and from Hospitals, Drug Rehab. and A.A.A. Meetings. I carried a Class B license while employed with CLS.
*	I also have experience driving all types of passenger vehicles from vans to shuttle  buses
As well as recommending when to conduct preventive maintenance on said vehicles. 
*	I maintained records of vehicle operations and maintenance as well performed minor automotive maintenances on all vehicles.
*	As Lead Driver I was responsible for the Implementation and Evaluation of  CLS's Driver's Code of Conduct, Appearance and Performance.
*	I was also responsible for the operational implementation of CLS's Client 
           Confidentiality Procedures.
						
WORK RECORDS/JERMAINE L. JACKSON
Head of Wardrobe Dept. /Promoted to Stage Director 
From: February 1985 to November 1985 (40 to 60 hr. week)
*	Developed Budget for Wardrobe Dept.
*	Supervised Travel, Travel Pay as well as Per Diem Disbursements for all wardrobe Employees.
*	Theatrical Stage Director.
*	Responsible for the Load In and Striking of the J. L. Jackson Stage Production on a nightly Basis. Supervised the set up and breakdown of sound boards, audio mixers, converters and Pyro Technical equipment as well as video projection equipment for the J. L. Jackson Live Broadcast.


EDUCATION:
U.S.A.F. Air Traffic Controller: From Feb 1981- Jan 1985 k (40 hr. Week) 		 University of Miami: From Jun. 1978 to Jan 1979										

United States Air Force Air Traffic Controller Experience						 Vandenberg A.F.B from Jul 1981 to Mar 1983
             Clark A.B. (Republic of the Philippines) from Mar 1983 to Jan 1985
              Air Traffic Controller (TOWER and RADAR)
*	Control all Aircraft, within the Airport Traffic Area (The Airport Traffic Area is a 5 statue Mile radius from Navaid and from surface Up to and including 3000 ft.), within the Designated movement areas on the Airport.
*	Operate air-to-ground radios, landlines, interphones, radio telephones, weather, and intercom Equipment to direct the movement of air traffic operations, and coordinate with adjacent Facility air traffic controllers and other flight service providers to ensure safe and expeditious Movement of aircraft.
*	Provide emergency assistance to aircraft with multiple Agencies (Chief One Flight Surgeon, Base Operations, Transit Maintenance, etc); initiate communications search and rescue action On overdue aircraft, and determine control measures necessary during an in-flight or ground Emergency to minimize property damage or possible loss of life.   
*	Determine air traffic handling capability during changing traffic situations.  Initiate/relay and Issue air traffic control clearances and instructions for aircraft operating VFR under normal and/or emergency flight conditions.  
*	Determine effectiveness and adequacy of procedures, determines ramifications, and makes Recommendations to management on such issues as TERPS criteria and proposed rule Changes presented by higher headquarters, DOD, the FAA, and the ICAO.  
*	Make decisions and provides guidance regarding criteria differences between FAA and DOD Directives. 
*	Review aeronautical publications as they are published to confirm air navigation information And technical data content is accurate and complete.  
*	Prepare all automated (or manual) instrument procedure packages, coordinating new and Revised instrument procedures packages with appropriate agencies.  
*	Provide the air traffic manager with procedural data, charting data, and Video Mapping  
Products in conjunction with Standard Instrument Approach Replacement System (STARS) Automation specialists to support Air Traffic operations.
*	Control all Vehicles and Personnel in, on or around Runway and Taxiways.
*	Operate Light Guns to control Air Traffic and Vehicles without two-way radio capabilities.   
*	Read and Write Weather reports from PIREPS (Pilot Reports), in real time
*	Direct aircraft, personnel and equipment movements through absolute control instructions
*	Analyze and act on detailed information quickly
*	Inspect various communications and information equipment for proper operation and report Outages as required
		
 Additional Air Traffic Control Experience
        I acted as Limited Aviation Weather Observers (LAWRS). I utilized various automated air traffic control systems and radar in the course of my work.  I also utilized radios and landlines to communicate with pilots, ground personnel and other air traffic controllers. I utilized skills of emergency management in regards to Response and Recovery of Aircraft and Flight Crews. I acquired a 5 skill Level in order to, monitor and train other developmental air traffic control specialists. As an Air Traffic Controller I was calm, alert, and able to think on my feet. I was able to multi-task and handle pressure, especially in times of emergency. I'm organized and have advanced computer skills. I have a strong sense of responsibility, I'm meticulous and I have good teamwork skills. Also I'm able to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and spoken English.

PACMARF Experience
While stationed at Clark A.B. in the Republic of the Philippines, I was in charge of an "Altitude Reservation Facility" known as "PACMARF." It was the Pacific Military Altitude Reservation Facility.
I was in charge of the reserving of Airspace thru specified coordinates from surface to infinity so that Military Aircraft would enter the specified airspace to conduct Sorties. Airspace coordinated and reserved thru International Countries, such as Japan (Sapporo Center, Naha Center), Korea (Red-21), Thailand, Vietnam and the Philippines just to name a few. I was also in charge of outgoing and the delivery of intra-facility mail. I sorted and delivered as well as accepted mail (on a daily basis) to all the offices thru out the PACMARF Facility. I operated, maintained and monitored a postage metering machine, as well as assisted in the completion of military PCS postal forms. I supervised a staff of 18 to 20 people. 

Additional Work Experience:
 While in TECH School in the U.S.A.F.: From Mar. 1981 to Apr 1982 (10 to 20 hr. week)
    Worked in the "Chow Hall" as one of my additional "Details." 
 Duties included the routine food cleaning, preparation and serving of  breakfast, lunch and dinner to "Airman" as well as the cleaning of the Chow Hall Facility. Knowledge of techniques used for the use of different kinds of kitchen utensils and equipment. Knowledge of the use of industrial cleaners and tools associated with the clean-up of kitchen, equipment and food service area thru dishwashing, mopping and sweeping of floors, etc. Also the keeping up with records regarding food service quality and clean up. How to measure additives spices and food content as to their relation to the main ingredient. Knowledge of how to apply different appliances to achieve different food preparation chores such as, but not limited to chopping, dicing, slicing Mixing, etc. I have the ability to follow instructions verbatim (oral or written), with minimal or no supervision.
 

While in College: From Jan. 1977 to Jan 1979 (40 hr. week)
    Drove a Flat bed, Bobtail and Forklift for Safeway Steel in Miami, Fl. While in College
    Duties included the Maintenance of Vehicles and Heavy Equipment to include checking of fluids
    (Oil and Transmission Fluid's), and well as performing minor repairs (Changing of Brakes, belts,
    Radiators etc). Also maintaining records of all work done.


NOTE: From 1977 to 1981 I worked for Safeway Steel &amp; Scaffolding. My job was to pick-up and deliver scaffolding to construction companies. In addition to that I was also in charge of replenishing supplies as well as supervising a team of drivers. I also drove a forklift as part of my responsibilities. I held a class A driver's license while 
Driving for Safeway Steel.
              							      			      

While in High School: From Jun. 1978 to Jan 1981 (40 hr. week)	
Worked at McDonalds as Team Supervisor and Head Cook/Cashier.

Currently I am not a Federal Employee so I do not have a Performance Appraisal! I'm a Veteran who's eligible for this job under the Eligible Veterans (VEOA)!



  
    Acquisitions
  
  
    Approach
  
  
    audio
  
  
    Automation
  
  
    automotive
  
  
    Broadcast
  
  
    budgeting
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    Cable
  
  
    CLS
  
  
    oral
  
  
    Concept
  
  
    content
  
  
    Contracts
  
  
    Controller I
  
  
    Cost Analysis
  
  
    Client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Directing
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    Driving
    driving
  
  
    Editing
    Editor
  
  
    English
  
  
    Film
    film
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    Forklift
    forklift
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Hiring
  
  
    hr
  
  
    infinity
  
  
    Law
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Meetings
  
  
    mail
  
  
    radar
  
  
    navigation
  
  
    Oil
  
  
    Packaging
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    Personnel
    personnel
  
  
    Photography
    Camera
    camera
  
  
    pick
  
  
    Producing
    Producer
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality
  
  
    radio
  
  
    Read
  
  
    real time
  
  
    Reality
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    Research
  
  
    Scripts
    Script
  
  
    sound
  
  
    Structured
    structured
  
  
    supervising
    supervision
  
  
    teamwork
  
  
    telephones
  
  
    TV
  
  
    Transmission
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    Video
    video
  
  
    Vision
  
  
    Website
  
  
    written
  


