
Shaun D. Vine                                                                   1633 6th Ave. W.
                                                                              Seattle, WA 98119
                                                                          shaundvine@gmail.com
                                                                                   206-619-3991


                                     Core Strengths
        Adaptable &#173; able to build effective working relationships with all types of personalities
        Detail Oriented &#173; skilled at ensuring accuracy and effectiveness of deliverables for
        complex projects and contracts
        Efficient &#173; effective at ensuring the timely completion of multiple tasks
        Influential &#173; able to determine clients' needs and strategically direct them toward
        solutions to meet their goals
        Logical &#173; approach the analysis of information in a thoughtful and organized manner
        Collaborative &#173; able to work effectively with multiple teams and across multiple
        industries


                                 Employment History

 Shaun Vine

The Brandenburg Team, Seattle WA                                                      2001 - 2010
Licensed Real Estate Consultant
Finance and Marketing Manager
   Provided financial tracking, analysis and reporting for firm's operational requirements. Set up
   and maintained company finances through Quicken software.
   Soundly experienced with MS Excel and MS Office Suite.
   Developed and maintained all marketing materials and campaigns for the Team using:
                 Facebook Page, wrote applications for company page, marketed homes for sale
                 LinkedIn connections
                 Constant Contact &#173; monthly client touch points
                 Monthly Client Newsletter mailing
                 Zillow (real estate website ranks Real Estate agents base on client testimonials)
                 Twitter
   Generated complex contracts for both buyer and seller transactions.
   Interfaced and collaborated across multiple platforms with clients, lenders, brokers and
   escrow services to ensure the timely completion of purchase and sale contracts.
Client Account Manager
   Directed client account management through multiple steps of real estate transactions,
   organizing each client within a project management framework.
   Met with clients to show properties and guide them through the home inspection process.
   Was key driver in client communication and collaborative solutions across multiple platforms.
   Ensured that communication, client needs and business requirements aligned with clearly
   defined project goals.
   Developed a key communication touch point process throughout client relationships to
   ensure successful project outcomes and outstanding customer service. Evidence of success is
   reflected in the fact that 95% of clients were derived from referrals and repeat business.
IT Technician
   Provided IT support for the company's computers, network and website.
   Managed the input for all online listings.
   Set up and maintained the company's web presence including website development (basic
   HTML and Java) as well as content on the public marketing sites, Facebook, LinkedIn and
   Twitter.




                                                -2-
Resume for Shaun Vine

First Horizon Home Loans (Formerly Sunbelt Mortgage), Lynnwood WA                 1998 &#173;2001
Underwriter
Responsibilities:
   Accompanied the Sales Representative on sales calls to generate new business leads.
   Made office calls to meet with Loan Officers to preview files and determine whether the Bank
   would be in a position to offer loans to their clients.
   Performed underwriting duties for Fannie Mae (FNMA) and Freddie Mac (FHLMC) loans in an
   office with an extraordinarily high volume of loans.
   Functioned as the designated underwriter for Rural Development Home Loans (USDA).




City Mortgage, Seattle WA        1995 &#173;1998
Loan Processor
Responsibilities:
   Reviewed new loan applications for completeness.
   Input new applications into the data base and order out files.
   Prepared Good Faith Estimates
   Followed up with clients to obtain documentation and keep track of outstanding items.
   Prepared complete Loan submission packages for underwriting.
   Reviewed Credit, Appraisal and Title Reports.
   Kept track of the Client pipeline to ensure transactions closed on time.
   Ensured the Lender had all the necessary documentation to draw Loan Documents.
   Followed up with the Escrow closers to make sure they had everything needed closed on
   time.




                                        Education
Bachelors of Social Sciences &#173; Business Administration, Finance, Economics and Marketing
Kwazulu-Natal University - Durban, South Africa
Post Graduate Honors Program &#173; Management, Finance, Corporate Strategy and
International Trade
Kwazulu-Natal University - Durban, South Africa
Computer Skills - Experienced with Microsoft Office 2010, Quicken and Adobe Acrobat,
Fireworks, HomeSite5 and basic XHTML coding.




                                              -3-



  
    account management
  
  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    basic
  
  
    closing
  
  
    content
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    draw
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data base
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Fireworks
  
  
    HomeSite5
  
  
    basic
   HTML
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Logic
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    MS Office Suite
    office
  
  
    network
  
  
    Newsletter
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    Page
    page
  
  
    Program &#173; Management
  
  
    coding
  
  
    project management
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    Real Estate
    real estate
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Strategy
  
  
    website
    website development
  
  
    XHTML
  


