
Parija Shrivastava		                                   
SharePoint Developer                                       
Phone: 732-421-8915
Email: ParijaShrivastava@gmail.com


SUMMARY

Over 7+ years of experience in Development and technical application support to provide help for end users. Developed and customized Microsoft Technology based solutions in various environments. My core technologies are SharePoint/MOSS Server 2007/2003, Windows SharePoint Services 2.0/3.0, .Net Development, C#, InfoPath 2007 and SharePoint Designer 2007, IIS 5.0/6.0, SQL Server 2000/2005,  Technical Experience includes Planning, Gathering and Analyzing requirements, Estimating Project Cost and Duration, Customizing, Developing and maintenance, day to day management and operations

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics, Jiwaji University, India.

CERTIFICATIONS
MCTS: Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 
MCTS: Microsoft Office SharePoint Services 3.0

SharePoint Skills Snapshot
Experienced in WSS 3.0 and MOSS 2007 Object Model, Application Frameworks, Web Services, Workflows, Site Definitions, Master Pages, Web Parts, CAML, Content Types, Site &amp; List templates.
Expertise in SharePoint Server Farm Installation, Administration &amp; Maintenance, Content management, KPI's, BDC, Information Management Policies, Item Level Security, Audience, Alerts, Wikis, Blogs, Discussion boards and Fabulous 40 templates. 

.Net Skills Snapshot
.Net Framework 3.5, 2.0, 1.1, C# .Net, VB.Net, XML Web Services using XML/SOAP implementation
ASP.NET 3.0 migrations of projects from .Net Framework 1.1 to 2.0 and 3.5. LINQ for data set Queries.

Share Point Skills	.Net Skills	Database and Other Skills	

MOSS 2007/SPS 2003
Windows SharePoint Services 3.0/2.0
IIS Server 6.0
Windows 2003, XP, Vista
MS SharePoint Designer 2007
MS InfoPath 2007
MS Office 2007, VBA


ASP.Net/C#.Net/VB.Net
Visual Basic .Net
HTML, Java Script, VB Script
Object Oriented Programming
Web Services


SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 Development
Windows 2003, XP, Vista
MS SQL Server 2000/2005 Admin
Database backup and Restore
LINQ
Triggers, Indexes	



NOTABLE EXPERIENCE
Sr. SharePoint Developer                                                                 May 10 - July 2011
Novo Nordisk Inc, Princeton, NJ

Globe Share Portal
The Globe Share Portal focuses on the Departments and their Products of Novo Nordisk Inc. The system helps to queue up Pages on sites based on client Ideas and then allocates the Information to users based on user-requirement. The system helps building designs history that can be used in the setting up of new designs for future product offerings. The system also aids in building Novo News for default customers. Data's are provided with periodical work-list and contact recordings.  
Responsibilities:  
Implemented a powerful text-based search feature using ASP.Net that helps to find documents and information fast out of box SharePoint Team Services provides. Increased relevance of search results, new functions to search for people and expertise. Ability to index and search data in line-of-business applications and improved manageability and extensibility. 
Created Custom pages and sites using ASP.Net Web Application development Applications.
Created custom workflows using share point designer for documents within the organization for team members contribute to the documents' creation, review, approval, publication, and disposition. 
Worked with Share Point designer HTML coding for different pages and web parts. Various web parts. 
Designed Content management for author and publish contents. Created Content types. 
Created custom master pages, created publishing pages and pad page layouts through Share Point designer. Created styles for logos and custom theme for sites. 
Designed and developed SharePoint sites to create new designs, edit docs and taking docs through workflows. 
Plan and developed the organization of documents, Identify document management roles, Plan how content moves between locations, Plan content control, Plan workflows, templates to use for each type of document. 
Worked on metadata to provide for each type of document, where to stored documents at each stage of a document's life cycle, Design control access to a document at each stage of its life cycle. 

Environment: Share Point Moss 2007, SharePoint 2010, Sandboxed Solutions,  ASP.Net, WSS 3.0, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2008, InfoPath 2007, XML, SharePoint Designer, Office 2007, IIS 6.0, CSS, HTML, SharePoint Search, VBA

SharePoint Moss 2007 Developer/Administrator                                Jan 10 - Apr 10
Plaza Construction Group, Manhattan, NY

Plaza Onsite Portal
The Plaza Onsite Portal focuses on the Employees and Departments of Plaza Construction Group. The system helps to queue up Documents based on client Ideas and then allocates the Information to users based on user-requirement. The system helps building designs history that can be used in the setting up of new designs for future product offerings. The system also aids in building databases of default customers. Data's are provided with periodical work-list and contact recordings. 

Responsibilities:
Created custom workflows using share point designer for documents within the organization for team members contribute to the documents' creation, review, approval, publication, and disposition. 
Plan and developed the organization of documents, Identify document management roles, Plan how content moves between locations, Plan content control, Plan workflows, templates to use for each type of document.
Developed InfoPath 2007 form for internal departments and implemented as content types.
Attended Training for SharePoint 2010, .net development for SharePoint 2010.
Custom designed and developed Web Parts to create new courses, edit courses and taking courses display status of the courses taken by the user as well as data entry for the system. 
Created KPI's Dashboards, for reports within the organization for team members workflows contribute to the documents' creation, review, approval, publication, and disposition.
Migrated data from old site to new SharePoint site.  
Worked with Share Point designer HTML coding for different pages and web parts. Various web parts.
Designed Content management for author and publish contents. Created Content types.
Deployment of the application Also Unit Testing, Debugging and code review process.
Created custom master pages, created publishing pages and pad page layouts through Share Point designer. Created Cascade styles Sheets for logos and custom theme for sites.

Environment:    Share Point Moss 2007, C#, , WSS 3.0, Visual Studio 2008, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2008, InfoPath 2007, XML, BDC, SharePoint Designer, XML, Office 2007, CSS, HTML, VBA, Excel Services

SharePoint Developer                                                                          June 09 - Dec 09
PepsiCo International, Valhalla, NY

Expert Portal
The Expert System focuses on the Courses and Training Programs of PepsiCo University. The system helps to queue up courses based on client Ideas and then allocates the Courses to users based on user-requirement. The system helps building courses history that can be used in the setting up of new courses for future product offerings. The system also aids in building databases of default customers. Courses are provided with periodical work-list and contact recordings. 

Responsibilities:
Worked with Share Point designer HTML coding for different pages and web parts. Various web parts.
Developed and Deployed custom workflow through visual studio 2008 for approval of form and provisioning the site in site collection deployed via Solution packages.
Custom designed and developed Web Parts using ASP.Net and C# to create new courses, edit courses and taking courses display status of the courses taken by the user as well as data entry for the system. 
Developed and Deployed web part created as user controls. Used connection through the SQL Server database.
Developed and designed custom web part using performance point and reporting services.
Designed Content management for author and publish contents. Created Content types.
Developed InfoPath 2007 form for internal departments and implemented as content types. Used web services for pulling data in drop down of InfoPath forms.
Managed security on the portal and through audience targeting, created different accesses.
Plan and developed the organization of documents, Identify document management roles, Plan how content moves between locations, Plan content control, Plan workflows, templates to use for each type of document.
Managed the Production support of this application. I use to interact with business user for finding out their issues and discuss with the development team to fix it.
Created multiple interfaces saving these reports in different formats like (Ms-Excel and MS-Word) for component reusability. Progress reviews, task allocation of resources and preparing estimates Used Visual SourceSafe for version control.
Created custom master pages, created publishing pages and pad page layouts through Share Point designer. Created Cascade styles for logos.
Deployment of SharePoint Content.
Developed ASP.Net web application for developing custom web part application.
Reviews for code and the technical documentations.
Worked with end users and manage requirements.
            Environment:    Share Point Moss 2007, WSS 3.0, ASP.Net, C#, SSRS,
            Visual Studio 2008, WSP Builder, HTML, CSS, Windows Server 2008, WF, 
             SQL Server 2005, InfoPath 2007, SharePoint Designer, Office 2007, IIS 6.0.

                 

SharePoint Developer                                                                            Oct 08 - May 09
Fidelity Investments, Boston, MA

Collection Management Portal
The Collection Systems focuses on the tracking and management of Delinquent customers. The system helps to queue up cases based on client risk profiles and then allocates the cases to collectors based on user-defined logic. The system helps builds customer delinquency history that can be used in the setting up of credit parameters for future product offerings. The system also aids in building databases of negative list/default customers. Collections are provided with periodical work-list and contact recordings. 

Responsibilities:
Designed and deployed SharePoint Server Farm/Infrastructure with Failover, redundancy and disaster recovery planning. Provided Capacity planning, Architecture and Taxonomy, researched and resolved issues related to User access level, Index,    Query and Search Servers.
Custom designed and developed Web Parts to display status of the exported contracts as well as data entry for the system. Developed InfoPath 2007 form for internal departments and implemented as content types. Deployed and configured Sites Collections, sites, lists and web parts. Designed and developed custom Web Parts, converted XML and XSL to XSLT views by C# &amp; ASP.net in Visual Studio 2005 and deployed via Solution packages.
Worked closely with IT management to establish the strategic implementation of SharePoint 2007 sites, Web Parts, KPI's Dashboards, Reports, Record Management, Information Management Policies, Custom Events, Workflows, Site Templates, 
Managed, Configured, and Supported SharePoint 2007 Server Farm, Configured Authentication and Security Configuration, Created multiple Data view web parts and .asp web part pages to access data from other SQL server databases and SharePoint lists. 

            Environment:    Share Point Moss 2007, WSS 3.0, Visual Studio 2005,                
            Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2005, InfoPath 2007,
           SharePoint Designer, Office 2007, IIS 6.0, ASP.NET

SharePoint Developer                                                                              Dec 07 - Sep 08
E*Trade Financial, Arlington, VA       

Account Relationship Management 
This is an Account Relationship Management Portal where regional manager can create the account for his/her clients on the basis of his/her asset values. In this system Manager can also plan his/her customer's investments and can also do the investment on behalf of the clients. Here we also capture all personal information of the clients.

Responsibilities:
Designed Content management for author and publish contents. Created Content types
Designing, deployment and administration of SharePoint/MOSS 2007 server farm consist of Web Front End, Database, Search, Index and Query Server on Windows Server 2003, IIS, and managing Central Administration Site.
Designed and deployed SharePoint Server Farm/Infrastructure with Failover, redundancy and disaster recovery planning. Provided Capacity planning, Architecture and Taxonomy, researched and resolved issues related to User access level, Index, Query and Search Servers.
Designed and developed browser based InfoPath 2007 forms, Web Parts, Workflows, Custom Events, Site Templates, Site Definitions, Solution packages, Master Page, Dashboard and Script for backup. Developed site content types, activated on Site Collections and implemented as Content Types on various document / forms libraries, Windows Workflow Foundation, Forms Server and Excel Services
Responsible for software upgrades and patching, new SharePoint contents site branding by master pages, responding to end-user questions, concerns, and requests from the Help Desk, assisted business users in the creation and management of their team sites. 
           Environment:    Share Point Moss 2007, WSS 3.0, ASP.NET, VB.NET,
           Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2005, InfoPath 2007, SSRS, SSAS,
           SharePoint Designer, Office 2007, IIS 6.0, CSS, HTML
           

SharePoint Consultant                                                                         Oct 06 - Nov 07
TXU Energy, Austin, TX   

TXU energy is part of the TXU family of companies, a family that has provided electricity to Texans for over 100 years. Started with the Beta version of MOSS 2007 and later MOSS 2007 was implemented and customized to manage the TXU employees day to day work data &amp; simple workflows. The users can share the documents, schedule a meeting, participate in the forum and log issues on their day to day application for the support team. All document updates are maintained in different versions. Users have a personal dash boards to display the information, meetings and pending documents. 

Responsibilities:
Installation and Administration of SharePoint Portal Server 2003
Migrated various WSS 2.0 sites to SPS 2003
Created Team Sites, Document Libraries, Lists, Security Groups and Users.
Developed dash boards for various departments, developed custom Web Parts for the dash boards.
Configured indexes and searches for the SPS Portal Server maintained backup and restore mechanism for the portal site.
Supported and trained end users on WSS and SharePoint Portal Server, and provide strategic guidance on best practices for utilizing its functionality

            Environment:  Share Point Portal Server 2003, WSS 2.0, SQL Server 
            Reporting Services,   Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2005

ASP.Net Developer                                                                                   Feb 06-Sep 06       Countrywide Home Loans, Los Angeles, CA

Lead Management System (LME)  
LMS helps customers contact countrywide home loans associates to get current loan programs and related information. LME is a B2C application used by the Countrywide Call Center for FSL (A division of Countrywide Financial that serves Customer with less FICO). Executives take online calls of customers to delegate to Account Executives of CHL.  Account Executives are the sales force of countrywide home loan who assist customers with details of the loan programs and cajole the leads to be converted into borrower. LME deals with Organization of lead, Management of duplicate leads, Lead assignments, Lead Notification etc. 

Responsibilities:
Analyzed user requirements and designed the architecture of the ASP.Net Web application
Used XML Serialization
Optimized T-SQL queries for performance
Creating and managing Web Services
Used ASP.Net input Validation controls for client side validation
Created Stored Procedure, Trigger Intensively to generate the result of reports
Developed User Controls extensively, to be used thru out the project
Developed ASPs using ASP.Net web form controls, HTML server controls in C#
Monitored system development team &amp; conducted periodical code reviews
Used ASP.Net Caching mechanism to provide faster access to information

            Environment:    .Net Framework, Visual Studio. NET, VB.Net, ASP.Net, 
           Asp.Net Extensions/AJAX Control Toolkit, JavaScript 1.2, HTML, VSS, MS 
           IIS 5.0, SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 9.0, VisualStudio.Net 2005, 
           Windows XP

ASP.Net Developer                                                                                 Sep 05- Jan 06
American Youth Soccer Association, SFO, CA
AYSO is a nationwide non-profit organization that develops and delivers quality youth soccer programs in a fun, family environment based on Five Philosophies of Everyone Plays, Balanced Teams, Open Registration, Positive Coaching and Good Sportsmanship to enable over 1000 regions to register players and volunteers online, maintain  board information, balance teams, print rosters, conducts courses, etc. The application automates business processes at the national office (NSTC). The web applications were matured to the level where parents can register kids and pay online for funds to be directed to accounts of respective regions. Apart from region classifications, group of regions are categorized in to areas and group of areas forms a section totaling up to 16sections. 

Responsibilities:
Designed and developed the technical detail design documents
Developed flexible, more user interactive and user-friendly GUIs and WebPages, reusable classes, functions
Developed various Classes, Modules, and Assemblies for e.g. Player Registration and Team Balancing using ASP.Net, VB.Net
Application was designed using proper implementation of OOP concepts like Abstraction, Encapsulation, Inheritance and Polymorphism
Implemented Garbage Collection for optimal performance, efficiency and free up resources
Developed XML Web Services for years, months and days conversions
Used ADO.Net technology for transmitting data in XML format between database, UI and web interfaces
Used Multithreading to process different tasks simultaneously as part of required functionality
Wrote Stored Procedures and Triggers as required for the application
Used VSS for version control and source code sharing
Created, fixed and generated reports for various individual player statistics, family statistics, events and activities
Troubleshoot, debugged, and fixed bugs at every stage application development with unit testing and final testing

             Environment:    ASP3.0, VBScript, JavaScript, VSS, IIS 5.0 Web Server,  
             Windows XP/2000

Software Developer                                                                              Nov 04 - Jun 05
General Electrical Consumer Finance, Gurgaon, India

L'Eagle System
L-Eagle is an automated system that provides a complete solution to processing involved in legal tracking of delinquent cases for recovery. It caters to cases where recovery of money is not possible without legal means of persuasion. The software maintains details and follow-up of case starting from entry in legal system, filing in courts up until cases are out of the legal system due to any reasons. The complete system works on certain set of pre-defined rules, which are defined at the earlier stages. The scope of this project covered the Analysis, Design, Development and implementation of the L-Eagle software. It involved the development of front-end interfaces for database update. 

Responsibilities: 
Gathering &amp; Analyzing functional requirements with PS team
GUI Design using ASP (JavaScript and VBScript)
Design and Coding of business objects, fa&#231;ade, Interfaces and remote using VB
Created customized reports using Crystal Reports 11.0 and deploying them on BO Server
Used VSS for change control and bug tracking
Used Automated Build Studio for building and deployment of the application
Unit Testing, Debugging and code review process
Used Visual SourceSafe for version control
Maintenance and support for the products as per the client's requests

            Environment:    ASP 3.0, VBScript, JavaScript, VSS, IIS 5.0 Web Server



  
    ASP.Net
    . NET
    ASP.net
    Asp.Net
    VB.NET
    Visual Basic .Net
    VB.Net
    C#.Net
    .Net
    .net
    C# .Net
    ASP.NET 3.0
    ASP.NET
  
  
    ADO
  
  
    application development
  
  
    ASP3.0
    ASP 3.0
    ASP
    asp
  
  
    backup
  
  
    balance
  
  
    branding
  
  
    business objects
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    Call Center
  
  
    Capacity planning
  
  
    Coaching
  
  
    content
    Content management
    Content
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    credit
  
  
    Crystal Reports 9.0
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    version control
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Debugging
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    disaster recovery planning
  
  
    document management
  
  
    edit
  
  
    Estimating
  
  
    Expert System
  
  
    fast
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    Forms
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    funds
  
  
    GUI Design
  
  
    Help Desk
  
  
    HTML coding
    HTML
  
  
    IIS
    IIS 5.0
    IIS 6.0
    IIS 7.0
  
  
    MS 
           IIS 5.0
  
  
    investments
  
  
    IT management
  
  
    JavaScript
    Java Script
  
  
    JavaScript 1.2
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logic
  
  
    logos
  
  
    managing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Ms-Excel
    Excel
  
  
    money
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    MS Office
    Office
    office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MS-Word
  
  
    works
  
  
    Object Oriented Programming
    OOP
  
  
    Page
    page
  
  
    persuasion
  
  
    Policies
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Coding
  
  
    Progress
  
  
    publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Relationship Management
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    SharePoint Portal Server
    SPS
  
  
    Script
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    Visual SourceSafe
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL server
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Training Programs
  
  
    T-SQL
  
  
    Troubleshoot
  
  
    type
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    Validation
    validation
  
  
    VBA
  
  
    VBScript
    VB Script
  
  
    view
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    VB
  
  
    Visual Studio
    visual studio
    VisualStudio
  
  
    web applications
    Web Application development
  
  
    Web Server
  
  
    Workflow
    workflow
  
  
    author
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSL
  
  
    XSLT
  


