
DEBORA L. TOMLINSON

1131 Castleton Court, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342	           513.490.1344             dtmj5059@roadrunner.com



SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Excellent blend of customer service, administrative, and computer skills
Microsoft Certified Master Instructor: Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Exceptional organizational, problem solving, interpersonal, and communication skills
Team oriented but ability to exercise independent judgment
Adaptable and flexible attitude toward achievement of company goals
Solid history of excellent work relationships with both the public and internal personnel at all organization levels
Skilled in facilitation, adult training, and personnel adeptness


EXPERIENCE

Atrium Medical Center
Administrative Assistant to Foundation Director: 2007 to 2008
Coordinated the meeting set up and documented the discussion for the Board of Directors for the Atrium Medical Center Foundation.  Assisted in the design of fundraising programs.

Environment of Care Coordinator: 2004 to 2007
Assisted director of facilities in the coordination of the Environment of Care functions used in running the day-to-day operations of the hospital.  Worked with the public and internal personnel to design Environment of Care drills.

Miami University
Corporate Computer Trainer / Consultant: 2001 to 2004
Worked with the Continuing Education department as a technology instructor.  Developed classes to teach PowerPoint to college students.

ExecuTrain Computer Training
Corporate Computer Trainer / Consultant: 2000 to 2001
Advised and trained customers in computer technology to the advanced and programming level.  Worked with network teams to install hardware and software classroom setups.

Ohio Casualty (Liberty Mutual) Insurance Company
Asset Administrator: 1999 to 2000
Developed systems and managed processes to track and monitor computer equipment for more than 3,000 employees countrywide.

Programmer: 1997 to 1999
Wrote and maintained systems for processing insurance policies.


Corporate Consultant / Trainer: 1991 to 1997
Designed classes and trained employees on both computer and software skills.

Administrative Assistant: 1985 to 1991
Worked in the accounting department for the controller, assistant controllers, and assistant secretary.  Scheduled meetings, travel for executives, tracked attendance of employees, and maintained reports.


EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS

Miami University, Middletown, Ohio:  Major: Business Information Management Technology
Microsoft Certified Master Instructor 


TECHNICAL SKILLS

Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, Project, Outlook
Instructional system design
Situational leadership training
Raiser's Edge database
S400 systems


REFERENCES

Excellent references available


















  
    accounting
  
  
    billing
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    controller
  
  
    database
  
  
    fundraising
  
  
    Instructor
    instructor
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    leadership training
  
  
    director
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    network
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    processes
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Raiser's Edge
  
  
    system design
  
  
    Visio
  


