
Kelley V. Schulz
820 Woodland Circle  Waupaca, WI 54981  Phone: (715) 281-2800  Email: kvschulz@gmail.com
Objective
Dedicated accounting professional with 10+ years of experience developing and implementing financial systems, processes and controls. I constantly seek ways to increase efficiency through improving processes, procedures and communication within my department and across the company. I am willing to relocate. Computer skills include proficiency in Microsoft Office, Microsoft Dynamics GP, FRx, AX and SL, Netsuite, QuickBooks, Quicken and TurboTax.
Education
University of california, santa barbara - santa barbara, ca
Bachelor of Arts in Business Economics with an Emphasis in Accounting, 6/2004
Bachelor of Arts in Communications, 6/2004
Extracurricular: Started a sole proprietor Bookkeeping business in Spring of 2003, named Independent Bookkeeping Services
Noteworthy: I am the first and only college graduate in my family 
Experience
Badger Transport, Inc. - Clintonville, WI
Industry: Transportation - Specialty heavy hauler
Assistant Controller, 4/2009 to 10/2010
Supervised 2 accounting roles and oversaw the daily operations of the finance department. I also functioned as the human resource and payroll specialist. 
Key responsibilities:
Coordinated company financial planning and budget management functions 
Prepared weekly cash forecasts, monthly and quarterly p &amp; l forecasts in addition to the annual budget of $10M
Analyzed and reviewed monthly operating results, including variance analysis against budget and benchmark forecast
Facilitated quarterly financial audits and provided recommendations for procedural improvements to satisfy SOX
Completed quarterly and annual reporting requirements for parent company's SEC filings
Established and implemented short and long-range departmental goals, objectives, policies and operating procedures
Key results:
Uncovered disconnect between Operations forecasted margin and actual margin performance which drove procedural change in Operations ability to forecast
Negotiated utility rate reduction which equated to an annual savings of over $6K
E. Khashoggi Industries, LLC - Santa Barbara, CA
Industry: Research &amp; Development in concrete and biotechnology 
Assistant Controller, 1/2007 to 12/2008
I was recruited to fill the accounting manager roll and was promoted to assistant controller in November 2007.
Key responsibilities:
Oversaw daily financial operations of 6 business units, including corporate accounts payable clerk and remote accounting team in Orem, UT.
Performed all monthly close procedures for each business unit, including extensive reconciliation of all intercompany accounts.
Prepared monthly financial reporting package for each business unit
Prepared cash projections and budget-to-actual variance analysis for corporate leaders
Directed and facilitated annual tax preparation and 3rd party audits
Key results:
Developed and implemented cost accounting system for business unit that manufacturers concrete products to appear like wood or stone which are to be used for base boards, trim work, d&#233;cor, etc.
Executed a software conversion from QuickBooks to Microsoft Dynamics SL
Community West Bank - Goleta, ca
Industry: Banking 
Accounting Manager, 9/2005 to 1/2007
I joined Community West Bank to pursue a career in the private sector. I supervised a staff of 4 including the Accounting Supervisor, Staff Accountant, A/P clerk and Wire Desk Operator.
Key responsibilities:
Managed accuracy of general ledger, including reviewing and approving all journal entries and reconciliations prepared by staff
Prepared financial statements, assisted in preparation of quarterly and annual SEC filings and corporate tax return
Prepared quarterly, banking industry specific reports, the Federal Call Report &amp; Y9
Member of SOX committee and Charitable Donation committee
Key results:
Reduced Federal Call Report preparation time by 50% 
Damitz brooks nightingale turner  morrisset - santa barbara, ca
Industry: Public Accounting Firm
Associate (Staff Accountant), 2/2004 to 8/2005
I was offered a staff accounting position with Price Waterhouse Coopers (Los Angeles, CA) upon completion of my college degrees, however I chose to begin my public accounting career locally where I served my internship instead. I found the opportunity to gain experience in the audit and tax realm more appealing than limiting myself with a larger firm.
Key responsibilities:
Prepared individual, partnership, corporation, non-profit, estate and trust tax returns
Performed comprehensive and review audit procedures
Functioned as a representative of firm to service clients' individual accounting needs



  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    banking
  
  
    Bookkeeping
  
  
    budget management
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Cash management
  
  
    CA
    ca
  
  
    controller
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    cost accounting
  
  
    credit analysis
  
  
    clients
  
  
    finance
    financing
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial planning
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    general ledger
  
  
    human resource
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    law
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    policies
  
  
    profit
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    tax preparation
    tax
  
  
    Transportation
  


