
PK PANDA									    PAGE 2
949.939.4824


PRASANNA (PK) PANDA 
24241 Angela
Lake Forest, CA 92630
949.939.4824
pk_panda@yahoo.com


SUMMARY

Project Manager and Business/Systems Analyst with proven success leading the development and implementation of IT solutions that increase organizational effectiveness. Solid hands-on experience in project implementation, system analysis, software development, administration and support. Key strengths include project management, applications development, web development and problem resolution. Has a strong working knowledge with Unisys A-series system and applications. Has international and multi-industry experience.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
UNISYS, Mission Viejo, CA	1997 - 2010
Leading computer manufacturing, information technology consulting services and solutions company.

Business Analyst / Developer

Transformed product reporting system from batch manual legacy to online web system. Designed, developed and implemented application that greatly improved accessibility and ease of use for the user community.
During transition moving Unisys server manufacturing to NEC Japan, developed application that coordinated invoices in XML with Accounts Payable database, meeting challenging deadline.
Accomplished substantial IT cost saving by managing the move of IT development to offshore company in India. Created technical documentation and provided training to offshore team.
Replaced 3rd party job control BLSCHED system with custom in-house job control system, resulting in significant cost savings.
Designed, developed and implemented client server adhoc reporting application for inventory and accounting system replacing a mainframe legacy system.
Developed and implemented creation of automatic generation of vendor invoices using Shipping confirmation and purchase order using EDI protocol, eliminating manual entry and clerical errors.
Created application providing company the ability to process all banking transactions online, including electronic fund transfers replacing manual check checks.  
Provided world class day-to-day IT support to internal customers on Unisys ERP manufacturing applications.
Supervised offshore IT team to develop product configuration and approval of Unisys product order from marketing and integrating with Unisys manufacturing application.



TECHNICAL SKILLS

Platforms:	Unisys mainframe, Windows, UNIX, ES7000, IBM mainframe
Languages:	Visual Basic, C, Java, ASP, ASP.NET4, SQL, WFL, COBOL (68,74,85), XHTML, XML
Databases:	DMS-II, SQL Server, Access, Oracle


EDUCATION

B.S, Mechanical Engineering,
University College of Engineering, Burla, India

Certificate, Advanced Software Technologies
University of California, Irvine (UCI), CA

















  
    ASP.NET4
  
  
    accounting
  
  
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    banking
  
  
    C
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    client server
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    CA
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    Databases
    database
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    IBM mainframe
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    lighting
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    NEC
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Shipping
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    supply chain
  
  
    technical documentation
  
  
    Unisys
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    XHTML
  
  
    XML
  


