
Leah Sangl
9138 Butternut St. 						ljsangl@yahoo.com
Coon Rapids, MN 55448						763-568-3194

Summary of Qualifications

Over seven years financial services experience including working with various vendor and
bank systems, customer service, technical support, system implementation and
internal/external customer training.  Experience includes working in Item Processing area
processing data and most currently as a Sr. Business Solutions Specialist working with all
aspects of online banking with some experience in debit cards.  My background in internal
and external support/training, and working with many levels of bank and vendor employees
has provided me with a unique perspective to lead projects and/or teams involved with the
development and implementation of software applications.  Superior communication and
interpersonal skills with documented expertise in the following areas:

Banking/Finance		Vendor Relations			Software Testing and Troubleshooting
Technical Support and Training		Cash Management 		Customer Training
Customer Service				

Technical Knowledge Base


Microsoft Word/Excel/Access/Outlook/Outlook Express, Lotus Notes, Unisys, Jack Henry
Silverlake, Enterprise Banker  (Cash Mgmt System - ACI), Community Net Express (Cash Mgmt -
 S1/Postillion), Bill Pay (IPay Technologies and Check Free) and Positive Pay.

Career Progression

Panhandle State Bank/Intermountain Comm. Bancorp - Sandpoint, ID                 July
2002 - January 2010
Sr. Business Solutions Specialist 

Wal-Mart  -  Sandpoint, ID             				                                  May 2001 -
June 2002
CSR/Stock Clerk

Cormac Systems &amp; Service -  Billings, MT             						
	Customer Service Representative					     August 1999 - February 2001
*	Responsible for the handling computer tech service requests from vendors.
*	Responsible for locating new computer technicians across the United States.
*	Maintaining technician database in Access.

State Farm Insurance - Greeley, CO	         
Claims Service Assistant - Subrogation	  			                   May 1998 - June 1999
*	Responsible for ordering documents as requested for claims.
*	Responsible for sending requested documents to other departments, attorneys, and
collection agencies in timely manner.

Prudential Insurance and Financial Services - Minneapolis, MN  	 
Premium Disbursement Customer Service Representative		      March 1995 - December 1997 
*	Responsible for handling several types of transactions on customers life insurance
policies within SEC timeframes and life insurance guidelines.
*	Knowledge of manual processing due to system limitations.
*	Responsible for tracking requests sent to other departments to verify that all requests
process within company timeframes.
*	Involved in several projects to streamline procedures.
*	Member of the Diversity Council.
*	Responsible for answering Agent Support Line in call center.

Western national Mutual Insurance - Minneapolis, MN  
Auto Endorsement Clerk	September 1988 - March 1995 
*	Responsible for processing customer requests for changes on auto insurance policies.
*	Knowledge of manual auto rating system to provide accurate insurance quotes.
*	Daily interaction with several insurance agents assisting with questions or requests.



  
    streamline
  
  
    call center
  
  
    Council
  
  
    database
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Mgmt
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Outlook Express
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Express
  
  
    technician
  
  
    Unisys
  


