
Joanne Shelton
340 West 87th Street Apt 7A, New York, NY 10024
646-351-2424 * joanneshelton39@aol.com  

PROJECT MANAGEMENT " PRINT PRODUCTION
Branding " Advertising " Publishing

Dynamic project/account/production/creative services manager with 15 years of experience orchestrating all phases of production and design for product packaging, editorial, promotional,
direct mail, and point-of-sale material while ensuring that our clients have superior customer service and account management. Proven record of successfully implementing workflows that improve quality and efficiency while significantly reducing costs.Demonstrated expertise in sourcing both domestic and asian markets while introducing new technologies and software that decrease overtime costs and enhance productivity. History of creating and overseeing production of historical top-selling covers, upscale packaging design and the digital marketing. 

Print Production Management: Packaging, Direct Mail, Magazine " Distribution Management
Shipping Scheduling &amp; Fulfillment " Project Management " Workflow Streamlining Negotiations " Vendor Sourcing &amp; Management " Traffic Management " Digital Media " 
Image Quality Control  Cost Reduction Technology &amp; Software Upgrades " Client Relations 

Professional Experience 

Self-Employed                                                                              March 2009-February 2011

MACYS MERCHANDISING GROUP				
Freelance Production /Traffic Manager for Martha Stewart, and Macy*s Private Label Print Packaging Divisions.


ESTEE LAUDER							
Freelance Production/Sourcing and Project Consultant for Clinique Advertising and Promotional Projects including Quicktime Makeup and Redness Relief Skincare.


MARTHA STEWART LIVING                             			        March 2007-February 2009
Project and Print Specialist 
Martha Stewart Licensing Partnerships include, Macy*s, Bernhardt Furniture,Costco,1-800-Flowers, Crafts, Kmart, Wine and the publishing division include Martha Stewart Living, Everyday Food, Body and Blueprint 

" Oversaw print production for all Martha Stewart licensing partnerships including Macy*s, Kmart, Costco, 1-800-Flowers, and publishing division spanning Martha Stewart Living, Everyday Food, and Blueprint. Planned and supervised implementation of 4-color separations for packaging, catalogues, brochures, web media, in-store advertising displays, and co-op advertising for all Martha Stewart licensed brands. 
" Coordinated movement of 4-color packaging materials through in-house pre-press department and outside facilities;oversaw shipping schedules for all packaging print materials in compliance with multiple deadlines. 
" Partnered with Brand Managers, Product Managers and Art Directors to coordinate and facilitate all photography,sourcing,and packaging production for Martha Stewart partnerships.
" Cooperated with Brand and Product managers to establish efficient workflows and assure timely completion.
" Orchestrated establishment of branding department from ground up; served as project manager for all key partnerships, product management and art direction.
" Constructed collaborative workflow, instituting dramatic improvements in communication, print quality,  web media, and time management.
" Overhauled retouching department, dramatically boosting productivity.
" Forged partnerships with MSLO Print Buyer to negotiate beneficial costs for fulfillment and distribution of MSLO marketing media. 


THE HEARST CORPORATION  					            May 2004-February 2007
Print Production Director * CosmoGIRL 
One of largest diversified media companies nationwide, with interests in magazine, newspaper publishing, cable networks, TV and radio broadcasting, Internet businesses, and real estate.

" Coordinated all phases of print production, 4-color retouching, and shipping of over 100 editorial pages per month, as well as web media, promotional materials, and advertising supplements. Oversaw CosmoGirl cover press trips. Negotiated and assured fulfillment costs for publication, promotional inserts, direct mail materials, web media and regional test covers.
" Organized and facilitated all cover photography for the magazine 
" Spearheaded transition of 4-color editorial color separation process from outsourced pre-press providers to in-house operations.
" Established new workflow assuring heightened productivity and quality while eliminating outside 4-color pre-press expenses. 
" Reduced outsourcing and overtime expenses by introducing InDesign and K4 software, overseeing staff training and coordinated transition of paper trafficking system to K4.
" Directed press production of all CosmoGIRL covers, producing numerous top-selling magazine covers in magazine*s history and assisted in launching the CosmoGIRL website.




CONDE NAST PUBLICATIONS   					   March 1999- May 2003
Art Print and Production Manager (House &amp; Garden)
Production Director (Vogue)
Top publisher of high-end magazines including Vogue, Vanity Fair, Allure, and The New Yorker.

" Oversaw yearly shipping schedules spanning in-house editorial, manufacturing,photography, advertising operations as well as outside color separation and printing vendors. 
" Directed photography, retouching and orchestrated execution of editorial pages. 
" Cooperated with advertising department to produce special promotional collateral. 
" Assured beneficial terms in negotiating fulfillment for publications, promotional items, inserts, and regional test covers. Oversaw domestic and international press runs. 
" Boosted circulation and improved overall look by producing 6 re-designs of editorial content. 
Improved quality of all 4-color printed material and workflow productivity by choosing and directing transition to new color separator.
" Coordinated shift to centralized pre-press house, providing hands-on troubleshooting and project direction to assure smooth transition and dramatically reducing costs.
" Reduced monthly 4-color pre-press expenses by 30%.

THE HEARST CORPORATION   				          February 1996- July 1998
One of largest diversified media companies nationwide, with interests in magazine, newspaper publishing, cable networks, TV and radio broadcasting, Internet businesses, and real estate.

Production Director (Good Housekeeping)
" Oversaw press runs for domestic and international circulations of 1-3 million monthly. 
" Led production, photography and retouching of all editorial pages and advertising book; coordinated shipping, scheduling for all editorial, manufacturing, and advertising departments as well as outside color separation and print vendors. 
" Negotiated fulfillment costs in partnership with manufacturing department.
" Constructed production department from ground up, overseeing staffing and acquisition of printers and software and establishing highly organized workflow.
" Eliminated employee and pre-press overtime costs by overseeing modernization of all editorial desktop software and printing equipment.

EARLY CAREER EXPERIENCE (PRIOR TO 1996)

CONDE NAST PUBLICATIONS, Editorial Production Manager * Self Magazine, 1993-1996
CAHNERS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Advertising Director, Modern Bride 1990-1992
HARRY WINSTON, Advertising Director, 1988-1990

EDUCATION
College of Wooster, Wooster, Ohio - B.A. in Art History
School Visual Arts, New York, New York * Associates in Advertising

SKILLS 
Proficient in all Macintosh and PC programs including Quark Xpress, Illustrator, Photoshop, Microsoft Word, QPS, Microsoft  Outlook, K4, Excel and In Design, 4c Retouching, Press Management. Fulfillment Management, Client Management and Web Media.














  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    Art
  
  
    art direction
  
  
    book
  
  
    branding
  
  
    broadcasting
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    c
  
  
    cable
  
  
    color
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    Client Management
  
  
    content
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    product development
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    directing
    direction
  
  
    editorial
  
  
    Freelance
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    InDesign
    In Design
  
  
    Macintosh and PC
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft  Outlook
  
  
    publisher
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    negotiating
  
  
    networks
  
  
    newspaper
  
  
    Packaging
    packaging
  
  
    photography
  
  
    pre-press
  
  
    Press
    press
  
  
    print production
  
  
    printers
  
  
    product management
  
  
    producing 6
    producing
  
  
    Project management
  
  
    promotional materials
  
  
    publications
    publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quark Xpress
  
  
    Quicktime
  
  
    radio
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    selling
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    staff training
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    TV
  
  
    time management
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    troubleshooting
  
  
    vision
  
  
    website
  
  
    workflow
  


