
                                                                    ANDREW WERT
AMWert6@yahoo.com                41 Buckingham Rd, Avon, CT 06001         
Cell: 860.874.6456



                            FORTUNE 200 EXECUTIVE &amp; ENTREPRENEUR
                         MARKETING, STRATEGY, NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, M&amp;A
Marketing Executive who builds global businesses through organic growth and acquisition, driving profitable growth for
technology-driven Fortune 200 companies and start-ups in B2B and B2C markets. Excels in mission critical initiatives
in challenging, mature and emerging global markets in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Big-picture thinker who combines the vision for transformational strategies with a proven ability to deliver results. Noted
for creative business strategy, marketing, product positioning and brand-building to energize core business and
penetrate new markets. Adept at developing and mentoring "A" level staff.
                      Innovative; Process-Oriented; Results-Driven. Operates with Strong Sense of Urgency.

CAREER OVERVIEW

      * PARTNER, CO-FOUNDER, Key Bridge Partners                                                                                  Apr 2005 &#173; Nov 2006
         Private equity company, acquiring electro-mechanical and service small and mid-cap companies; privately held.

      * VICE PRESIDENT, MARKETING, Danaher Corporation $13B (Veeder-Root)                                                         June 2003 &#173; Mar 2005
         $160M world leader of environmental monitoring equipment, sensors and industrial pumps and part of $600M Gilbarco Veeder-Root business.

      * GLOBAL MARKETING EXECUTIVE, Emerson Electric $20B (Emerson Network Power) July 1995 &#173; June 2003
         $1.2B world leader in UPS, AC and DC power conversion, switchgear and power distribution. Global Marketing Executive of $100M business unit.

      * STRATEGIC PLANNING, Grimes Aerospace, Aftermarket Division                                                                Jan 1992 &#173; June 1995
         $175M leader in lighting, avionics and fluid control systems.

  International MBA &#173; University of Glasgow (Glasgow, Scotland); BA (Honors) &#173; College of Wooster (Wooster, OH)


EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES

 *    P&amp;L Management                                                             *   Mergers, Acquisitions and Integration
 *    Global Marketing Strategy &amp; Strategic Planning                             *   Financial Projections, Valuations, Budgeting
 *    Hoshin Planning &amp; Organizational Deployment                                *   New Product, Market Opportunity Validation
 *    Business Strategy &amp; Business Planning                                      *   New Market &amp; Business Development
 *    New Product Development (Black Belt), Launch                               *   Licensing, IP Reviews, Technology Transfer, Product Transfer
 *    Product Portfolio &amp; Product Management                                     *   Cross Functional Project, Program, Change Management
 *    Market Research &amp; Voice of the Customer Analytics                          *   Sales Channel Management (reps, VARs, OEM, distributors)
 *    Brand Management, PR, Marketing Communications                             *   Voice of the Customer Analytics, Value Selling

VERTICAL MARKETS                                                             PRODUCT TECHNOLOGIES
  *   Alternative Energy (BOS), Smart Grid                                       *   Power Conversion, Inverters, Switchgear &amp; Distribution Equipment
  *   Computer Hardware, Peripherals                                             *   Energy Storage Devices &#173; Battery Systems, Controls, Storage
  *   Data Center, Telecom, Networks                                             *   Electro-Mechanical Systems
  *   Facility Management Systems (Power Distribution)                           *   Fluid Control &#173; Valves, Industrial Pumps
  *   Financial &#173; Private Equity, Venture Capital                                *   Advanced Metering, Gauges, Flow Management &amp; Sensors
  *   Manufacturing, Industrial Control &amp; Automation                             *   Aerospace Lighting, Avionic Displays
  *   Petroleum Equipment                                                        *   Monitoring Software, Network Interface Cards, Wireless
  *   Aerospace &amp; Defense



      Website &amp; Case Studies: http://www.visualcv.com/guwj9k9 References: http://www.linkedin.com/in/andrewwert
ANDREW WERT
AMWert6@yahoo.com                   41 Buckingham Rd, Avon, CT 06001                
Cell: 860.874.6456



KEY BRIDGE PARTNERS, Privately held (Avon, CT; Washington, DC)                                            Apr 2005 &#173; Nov 2006
    PARTNER, CO-FOUNDER
    Co-founder of a private equity firm targeting electronics, equipment manufacturers and service companies with
    revenues between $15-$100M. Responsible for prospecting, business valuations, securing equity financing and due
    diligence. Generated robust deal funnel, leading to the successful acquisition of niche component manufacturer.
    Deal sheet available on request. Left to commercialize wife's invention and launch Discovery Post.

DANAHER, Veeder-Root (Simsbury, CT)                                                                       June 2003 &#173; Mar 2005
    VICE PRESIDENT, MARKETING
    Led strategic planning, product portfolio management, marketing, and sales channel management while participating in IP
    reviews for this $160M leader in advanced metering equipment, sensors and pumps. Led staff of 10 managers (Global Product
    Managers, Sales Channel and Marketing Communications). Increased focus on regional marketing strategies (NA, EMEA, AP),
    VOC analytics, branding, customer value proposition, product life-cycle management and new product development.
    Marketing Strategy &amp; Product Management Successes
     * Increased sales 12%, market share 5%, OP from 39% to 43% through product launch, re-positioning, and upgrades.
     * Championed New Product Development Process improvements, introduced ideation phase and killed low-yield projects.
     * Launched 12 new products, increasing product vitality index from 9% to 21%.
     * Integrated "Voice-of-Customer" discipline into new product development, branding and value selling.
    Left to join Emerson colleague in launching a private equity firm, Key Bridge Partners, LLC.

EMERSON, Emerson Network Power, Liebert (Columbus, OH)                                              July 1995 &#173; June 2003
Fast paced assignments for $1.2B world leader in UPS, AC and DC power conversion, switchgear and power distribution systems,
including Strategic Planning, Marketing, Sales Channel Management, Global Product Development, M&amp;A and Corporate
Restructuring. Left company when recruited by Danaher.
    EXECUTIVE PROGRAM MANAGER (Sept 2001- June 2003)
    Promoted to lead restructuring of North American operations in response to the "Dot-Com" crash. As a Change Agent, I
    directed over 100 cross-functional team members in product and technology transfers, business integration and systems
    alignment, while dramatically improving first pass yields and through-put.
    Operational and Profit Improvement Successes
     * Created $5.1M OP savings, leading 30 product transfers (thousands of SKUs) of UPS, switchgear and AC and DC power
        distribution systems between 6 plants in North America.
     * Improved product quality, standardizing product documentation processes across North American operations.
     * Integrated Ericsson Energy System's NA production and order fulfillment process into Emerson Network Power
    MANAGER, GLOBAL PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS (April 1998 - August 2001)
    Promoted to launch new products and capture market share. Due to a competitor's launch of a disruptive technology, I was
    asked to direct 12 cross-functional teams (75 individuals) in North America, Europe and Asia in development of a global product
    platform. The program required significant changes to how we approached product specification, design and qualification, supply
    chain management, manufacturing, product launches and sales channel distribution.
    Product Development &amp; Launch Successes
     * Captured $31M in first 2 years sales, 35% share of product segment, beat target margins and won major industry awards.
     * Reduced lead-time from 4 weeks to 3 days with "assemble-to-customer-configuration" cells in NA, EMEA &amp; AP.
     * Steered $3.6M IT/Network/Telecom marketing campaign (branding, PR, direct), doubling company's brand awareness.
      Also, participated in acquisition and integration of Huawei Power System, the largest M&amp;A deal in China's history.
    MANAGER, PRODUCT MANAGEMENT GROUP (June, 1996 &#173; April,1998)
    Promoted to launch new products, capture market share and accelerate growth. Developed staff of 8 managers (5
    Global Product, 2 Channel and 1 Quality) responsible for product line profitability, pricing, product development, quality,
    forecasting and sales channel development. Responsible for global strategy and operational reviews.
     Product Marketing, Product Management &amp; Channel Management Successes
      * Delivered sales growth of 15.5% CAGR to $93M, while gaining share and improving OP 550 basis points.
      * Overhauled product portfolio, launching 36 UPS hardware and software products. Vitality index surged 43% to 94%.
      * Expanded sales footprint: enrolling 1,200 VARs; rolling out eCommerce; and adding distribution channels.
      * Negotiated $12M annual contracts with OEM manufacturers in Taiwan and China, reducing product costs by 30%.
      * Transformed business unit from engineering-centric to customer-centric.

    PROJECT MANAGER (July, 1995 &#173; June, 1996)
    Recruited to identify market driven opportunities. Led strategic planning, and marketing initiatives


GRIMES AEROSPACE, Aftermarket Division (Urbana, OH)                                                                  Jan 1992 &#173; June 1995
   STRATEGIC PLANNING ADMINISTRATOR
    Led company's aftermarket strategic and marketing plans for this $175M world leader in aerospace lighting, avionic displays
    and fluid control systems. Led forecasting, market research, and customer interviews to determine needs in the marketplace
    and identify market driven opportunities. Led strategic company initiatives which re-captured declining share of aftermarket
    business and expanded into tangential markets.
    Left company when recruited by Emerson Network Power.


WESLEYAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP (McLean VA; Bethesda, MD)                                   Sept 1986 &#173; Aug 1989; Dec 1990 &#173; Dec 1991
   CONSULTANT
    Developed business and marketing plans for variety of manufacturing, retail and business-to-business service providers.


EDUCATION
    International M.B.A., University of Glasgow, Glasgow, Scotland 1989 &#173; 1990
    Thesis: Technology Transfer

    B.A. (Honors), College of Wooster, Wooster, OH 1982-1986
    Phi Beta Kappa; Campus Council (Chair); Judicial Board, Varsity Swim Team

    African Studies, University of Cape Town, SA 1984
    Fieldwork; Thesis: 18C Zulu History (Honors)

    Continuing Professional Development
    Certificate, Electronics &amp; Circuits (MIT, expected June 2012); New Product Development (Black Belt); New Product Introductions; Industrial
    Marketing; Hoshin Planning; Value Selling; Advanced Facilitation; Lean Manufacturing (5S, Kaizens, Value Stream Mapping); Association for
    Corporate Growth (ACG, past member).


REFERENCES

PROGRAM DETAILS             http://www.visualcv.com/guwj9k9                  REFERENCES          http://www.linkedin.com/in/andrewwert

"The programs Andrew led became a benchmark for future product developments and launches. Phenomenal achievements
were made despite strong culture to maintain the status quo." Randy MacCleary, President, EMEA, Emerson Network Power

"Andrew is one of the most results-oriented leaders that I have ever worked with. He is able to lead diverse teams and
complex programs -- and always gets the job done." Bob Maruszewski, Partner, Key Bridge Partners

"Andrew has a strong process orientation. His creative thinking and analytic skills provided new insights and directions to the
business." Richard Browne, Vice President, Global Marketing; Gilbarco (sister company at Danaher Corp)

"Andrew has a very strategic thought process, blended with an intense passion to achieve short and long term goals. Very
ethical. Able to make tough decisions." Mike Conroy, former Global Product Manager; Veeder-Root (Danaher Corp)

"Andrew is a proactive leader that gets things done. ... I would recommend him to any organization that wants to be the best
in the global market." Tom Baldrick, Vice President Quality, Emerson Network Power-Liebert
                                                 ANDREW WERT
AMWert6@yahoo.com                     41 Buckingham Rd, Avon, CT 06001                    
Cell: 860.874.6456


                                         REPRESENTATIVE DEAL SHEET


                                        Corporate Mergers &amp; Acquisitions
Target: Huawei's Avansys, an AC and DC power supply, UPS and switchgear company; $290M sales.
Deal Type: Acquisition.
Acquisition Rationale and Strategy: Avansys had been growing at a 30% CAGR over the previous 3 years and
represented a significant opportunity for Emerson Network Power to establish a strong direct sales channel in China,
low-cost engineering and a product development center for Emerson Network Power.
Role:
        Pre-Acquisition: Conducted sales and marketing due diligence in China. Identified sales projections as being
        artificially high due to significant "channel-stuffing." Developed the business unit synergy case.
        Post-Acquisition: Participated in product and technology evaluations and developed the global product and
        technology transfer roadmaps, jettisoning overlapping development work between US, Italy, India and China.
Partners: n/a. Emerson-led acquisition.
Result: Company acquired for $750 million in cash, it was the largest M&amp;A deal between a private Chinese company
and a foreign investor at the time.

                                Post Acquisition Integrations &amp; Restructuring
Target: Emerson Network Power (Inter-Company)
Activity: Restructuring
Background: During the market-wide "dot com" melt down in 2001, Emerson Network Power went from a $1.2B/year
run rate to a ~$600M run rate, virtually overnight. We couldn't contract fast enough and I was asked to direct the
restructuring of Emerson Network Power's North American operations. Past technology and product transfers were
marred by quality problems and missed ship dates, due to poor product documentation, "tribal knowledge".
Role: I directed product transfers, leading over 100 cross functional team members in transferring production of $75M
of goods (30 product lines, 3 supporting processes and 21,000+ part numbers) from 4 US plants to 2 Mexican facilities...
in 11 months. Assembling cross-functional teams of key players from the 6 plants, we developed a standardized
product transfer process with defined roles and responsibilities and established controls to eliminate work-arounds. The
process of documenting everything prior to the transfer shined a light on serious gaps in how we controlled
documentation and information flows between engineering, procurement, operations and quality. With the support of
Emerson Network Power's Senior VP of Operations, Engineering and others, we simultaneously standardized
engineering, operations, procurement and quality processes across North American operations at the same time.
Result: Product quality actually was maintained and we had no delays in committed ship dates. We generated $5.1M
in annual OP with $2.5 charge to OIOD. The product transfer process was heralded as an Emerson "Best Practice" and
training was provided to other divisions.


Target: Integrated Emerson Energy Systems into Emerson Network Power (Intra-Company)
Activity: Plant Transfer and Business System Integration
Background: Following the acquisition of Ericsson's Energy Systems (EES), a DC power provider, Emerson needed to
eliminate operating overhead by closing their facility in Monterrey, Mexico facility and consolidating operations into a
shared Emerson Network Power facility in Reynosa Mexico. At the same time, back office order fulfillment activities
performed in Dallas needed to transition from the company's old MRP system into Emerson's MRP system.
Role: Trained EES and ENP personnel in product transfer and supervised process. Utilized Value-Stream Mapping to
re-engineer the product configuration, quote and ordering process.
Result: Successfully transitioned products and reduced configuration-quote-order cycle time.
                                            Private Equity Transactions
Co-founded Key Bridge Partners, a private equity firm targeting electronics, equipment manufacturers and service
companies with revenues between $15-$100M. Responsible for prospecting, business valuations, securing equity
financing and due diligence. Developed robust funnel to identify and evaluate investment opportunities sourced through
investment bankers, industry contacts, sell-side advisors, conferences and industry associations. Selected transactions
listed below.

Target: Industrial Engineered Blowers for Power Generation &amp; Mining Operations. $50M sales; $2.9M EBITDA.
Deal Type: Acquisition.
Acquisition Rationale and Strategy: Company was #1 in US Industrial Segment, #4 in Power Generation Segment,
yet had no presence in EMEA and China. Family run business for 100 years, significant opportunity to upgrade staff and
introduce improved management systems.
     Phase One:
       &#183; Operations: Consolidate Operations from 5 facilities to 3 facilities
       &#183; Improve Cash Flow: Decrease WIP; Reduce Lead Time; Improve Cash Collection
       &#183; Sales Growth: Utilize LOC to finance large orders; Pursue Installed Base Refurbishment Program

    Phase Two: Add-On Acquisition Target identified; Expand to global markets, licensing technology to Chinese JV.
Role: Performed competitive analysis, forecast, collaborated on the strategic enhancement plan, and secured financial
partner. Created valuation using adjusted book value, discounted cash flow and multiples on EBITDA.
Partner: Riverside Company (Financial).
Result: Presented LOI, with cash transaction. Family feud blocked sale.


Target: Car Wash Parts &amp; Equipment; ~$10M sales.
Deal Type: Acquisition with re-capitalization.
Acquisition Rationale and Strategy: Niche component manufacturer in fragmented industry, with high margin
aftermarket revenue streams.
Role: Sourced the deal.
Result: Acquisition successfully closed in 2007; Add-on product line acquired in 2009.


Target: GPS Manufacturer; $262M sales, $9.1M EBITDA.
Deal Type: Corporate divestiture.
Acquisition Rationale and Strategy: Company was #1 in brand awareness, but market position had fallen to #2 or #3
position after company was sold to French multinational and lost focus. Together with former company operating
executives, we developed a plan to improve:
    &#183;    Operations: Overhead Reduction; Engineering Leverage and Outsourcing; Restructuring Unprofitable Business
         Segments
    &#183;    Product Development: Platform Interface Standardization; Filling Identified Product and Content Gaps
    &#183;    Sales Growth: Strategic Partnerships with OEM, Content Providers; Add-On Acquisition
Role: Competitive analysis, forecast, collaborated on the strategic enhancement plan, and identified financial partners.
Partners: Boston Street Advisors (Operating); Ripplewood (Financial)
Result: Brought deal to Ripplewood, which expressed support until we used back channels to confirm company was
seeking unrealistic multiples at 27x. The target company was taken off the market in 2006 and eventually sold in 2008.


Target: Rubber &amp; Plastic Processing Equipment, $62M sales; $3.2M EBITDA.
Deal Type: Acquisition and recapitalization.
Acquisition Rationale and Strategy: Company brand had become the coveted generic name for the type of
equipment it produced. Company had initiated a strategic alliance with the leading association in China to supply critical
components. China posed for double-digit growth in rubber segment.
    Plan:
        Operations: Implement Lean Manufacturing
        Improve Cash Flow: Sell UK facility, underperforming assets
       Sales Growth: Expand in China
       Product Development: Develop Remote Monitoring and Service products

Role: Competitive analysis, forecast, collaborated on the strategic enhancement plan. Prepared preliminary due
diligence document requests.
Partners: HIG Capital (Financial).
Result: Presented LOI, with cash transaction valued at 4.5x EBITDA. We backed out when company went to auction.



                                            Angel &amp; Venture Capital
Company: Discovery Post. Sales: Confidential (negotiating sale of company)
Deal Type: Start-up.
Company Overview &amp; Market Strategy: Award-winning company producing consumer products, educational toys and
experiential lesson plans for the classroom.
Role: President, Co-Founder. Developed company valuation, structured Operating Agreements and Term Sheets,
negotiated financing.
Partners: 11 shareholders.
Result: Successfully raised $750K in outside financing based on pre-money capitalization value of $3.0M.



                                                OEM Agreements
Negotiated 5 year supply agreement ($12M/yr) with Phoenixtec OEM manufacturers in Taiwan and China, reducing
product costs by 30%, with annual cost reduction guarantees.

Negotiated OEM pricing agreement with MGE, Groupe Schneider to supply re-labeled scaleable UPS products.
Agreement was not consummated.



  
    AP
  
  
    book
  
  
    branding
  
  
    business development
    Business Development
  
  
    Cash Flow
    cash flow
  
  
    Change Agent
  
  
    Chinese
  
  
    closing
  
  
    Com
    com
  
  
    Competitive analysis
    competitive analysis
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    Content
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    cost reduction
  
  
    DC
  
  
    Product Development
    product development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    due
diligence
    due
    diligence
    due diligence
  
  
    eCommerce
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    Equity
    equity
  
  
    Fast
    fast
  
  
    Filling
  
  
    finance
    financing
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    French
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    lighting
  
  
    marketing strategies
    marketing plans
    Marketing Strategy
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    market
    Product Marketing
    MARKETING
    Marketing
  
  
    Marketing Communications
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    money
  
  
    office
  
  
    MRP
  
  
    Negotiating
    negotiating
  
  
    Network
  
  
    New Product Development
    new product development
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    PR
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Product Management
  
  
    producing
    producer
  
  
    Profit
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    retail
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    specification
  
  
    Strategy
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    strategic and marketing
  
  
    Strategic Planning
    strategic planning
  
  
    structured
  
  
    supply chain
    management
    supply
    chain management
  
  
    System Integration
  
  
    Telecom
  
  
    Type
    type
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrade
  
  
    valuation
  
  
    Venture Capital
  


