
David Souza
                                                                      25858 Tanforan Dr.
      Madera, California 93638
             (559) 706-2378
                                                                dtsouza67@gmail.com

						    Objective
Seeking a professional management position. Proven success in reducing overhead and increasing productivity. Excellent organizational skills and experience. Strong practical and theoretical foundation in improving inventory management and productivity.
					     
Work Experience

Facilities Manager
2001 - 2003  Renaissance Old World, Inc., Fresno, CA
Reported directly to the President.  Duties included purchasing all of the companies needs to maximize profitability.
Customer service and decorative hardware sales. 
Reduced material costs by 25%.
Increased capacity in production by 50% while maintaining size of current work force.
 Increased customer satisfaction and on time delivery by a factor of 5.








Outside Sales
1998 - 2000  MacMurray Pacific Wholesale Hardware and Builders Specialties, San Francisco, CA
Responsible for Customer Service, Outside Sales and Order Entry. Contact with customers and venders, both in person and on the telephone. Perform product research as well as answer technical product questions. 
Increased sales in the Fresno sales territory by 100%-Increased profitability with the introduction of new products.- Decreased overhead with the introduction of a new cellular phone plan.

Purchasing Agent/Safety Manager
1997 - 1998  Barbosa Cabinets, Tracy, CA
Responsible for Purchasing and Safety Management. Evaluated purchasing practices and production areas for safety and efficiency. Implemented new purchasing system. Performed analysis on current safety program and wrote their very first Safety Management and Emergency Response Program. Trained and fit tested personnel in respirator use and safety. Installations of computer and telephone networks as well as light repair on both. 
Reduced cost of materials by 10%.-Lowered Liability Insurance costs by $15,000 annually.-Achieved 12% reduction on Industrial Accidents.


Technical Director
1995 - 1997  Talking Technology, Inc., Alameda, CA
Reported directly to the President.  Duties included oversight of the software and hardware development departments, shipping and receiving departments and technical support department.  Purchasing all of the companies needs to maximize profitability.  Negotiations with vendors to mass produce the hardware and software offered by the company.  Represented the company at selected trade shows. 
Started with the company as entry level technical support and with hard work was promoted through the ranks.- Decreased returned merchandise by 50%.- Decreased material costs by 10%.


Groundskeeper
1985 - 1994  Hayward Unified School District, Hayward, CA
Duties included the daily maintenance of approximately 50 acres of school campuses.  Planning and planting new landscape areas.  Evaluating plant materials to determine which plants would have the highest survivability in a particular landscape area. 
Was promoted three times within my first two years of employment.- Became the youngest head groundsman in the history of the district


  Education
                        California State University - Bachelor's Degree - Business Administration
California Underground Storage Tank Systems Operator
Certification
International Code Council

Haz-Mat First Responder Operational
California Office of Emergency Services Specialized Training Institute




Affiliations

1999 - Present  Loyal Order of the Moose Charitable Endeavors
2003 - Present  California Independent Oil Marketers Association
Member of the Government Relations Committee Since 2007
2006 - Present President of the Board Central California Academy - Publicly funded                                   charter school.
2010 - Present Elks Madera Chapter Charitable Endeavors



  
    budget
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Customer Service
    Customer service
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    directing
    direction
  
  
    facilities management
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    materials
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    Negotiations
  
  
    networks
  
  
    Order Entry
  
  
    Outside Sales
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Purchasing
    purchasing
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    research
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    telephone
    phone
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    training employees
  


