
Sridevi Ghantasala                                 269-353-1763[R]                          sridevi.ghantasala@yahoo.com 

SRIDEVI GHANTASALA


OBJECTIVE:

Looking for a challenging opportunity to apply my knowledge in testing to enhance the execution of different applications, protocols and module testing across multiple platforms based on pre- determined parameters in order to provide dynamic solutions for the organization and their clients within the stipulated time and resources to help the company succeed. 



SUMMARY:

Over 3 Years of experience in Software Quality Assurance and S/W development for Web based and Client/Server Applications.
Extensive experience in testing of Web applications, Portals &amp; Client Server applications
Experience in GUI, Database and Web applications using the testing tools like Quality Center.
Proficient in development and implementation of Test Plans, Test Design, Test Cases.
Hands on experience in Black Box Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing and Web Testing.
Experience in establishing QA standards, processes and procedures.
Proficient in manual and familiar with automated testing tools (QTP and Load Runner).
Strong skills in SQL, extensive experience in data validation and manipulation in the RDBMS databases using SQL queries.
Extensive experience in test management tools. 
Highly skilled in troubleshooting and problem analysis.
Work experience in Communication, Pharmaceutical, Real Estate, Financial, and Insurance industries.
Proven ability to work efficiently in both Independent and Team  environments. 
Strong communication and leadership skills, with the ability to express technical concepts verbally and in written.
Excellent interpersonal skills and a team player. 
Hard-working with an ambitious &amp; realistic attitude. 




EDUCATION:

A Certificate Course on 'Oracle(V 7.3) with Developer  2000' including forms 4.5 , reports 2.5 at SQL * INTERNATIONAL LTD, Hyderabad, INDIA (July , 1998)
Graduate Diploma in Information Systems Swinburne University of Technology,  Melbourne, Victoria (Nov., 1997)
Bachelor of Science in Agriculture Andhra Pradesh  Agricultural University, Hyderabad, INDIA (Sep., 1992)
Post graduate Diploma In Computer Applications Macksys Research Group.




TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems 	Windows 95 / 98 / NT / 2000 /XP, UNIX, MS DOS, MVS	

Languages        	Visual Basic, SQL, HTML, XML, DHTML, ASP, JSP	

Databases                	SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access	

Scripting Languages	VBScript, JavaScript.	

Packages                 	MS Office Suite, MS Visio, Developer 2000, Crystal Reports	

App/Web servers	Internet Information Server, Apache, JBoss 	

Testing Tools 	 LoadRunner, Quick Test Pro	

Management Tools		Quality Center, Bugzilla.	



SOFTWARE SKILLS

QA Analyst	Merck &amp;Co; Inc	Springfield, NJ					Jan ' 10 -  Feb ' 11

Department: GPV IT (Global Pharmacovigilance IT)
Project: CARES (Corporate Adverse Event Reporting and Evaluation System)

The GPV-CARES application is a customized Oracle AERS-based safety database application
with associated tools to primarily support the management and reporting of Relevant Safety
Information in humans from clinical trial and post-marketing sources. The GPV-CARES application is a web-based system and is intended to support global data entry, case management, reportability and submission tracking. The GPV-CARES application provides capabilities for collecting, storing, viewing, and reporting information on adverse events and other safety-related information, both at individual case safety report (ICSR) and aggregate levels. The GPV-CARES application also provides integration with a Thesaurus Management System (TMS) that supports MedDRA and WHO-Drug dictionary management, as well as an S-Pspecific product repository that allows the definition of human S-P products (Investigational
Medicinal Product (IMP) and marketed products, ethical/prescription and Over-the-Counter
(OTC)) and their associated approvals and labeling.

.
Responsibilities:

Define, design and plan software validation activities.
Assist in developing, reviewing and executing validation protocols, test plans, test scripts, test summary reports, test requirements and traceability matrices.
Accurate mapping of STLC to SDLC following the Agile Methodology.
Identify and develop action plan for end - end system and functional testing.
Specify test environment requirements for multiple projects, configuration and generate test data.
Conduct legacy system assessments, GAP analysis and internal process assessments.
Coordinate cross-cell testing activities like installation, Test environment set up, application access and sanity testing and interface dependency.
Ensure testing competencies for validation were followed correctly.
Provide production support, conduct and help develop user training plan.
Enforce defect management procedures within the project team.
Act as a liaison between IT, Business, Compliance and Quality Assurance groups.

Environment: QTP 8.x, Load Runner 8.x,Test Director 8.0,JAVA, J2EE,.NET, , XML, WebLogic 8.x, HTML,SQL  Sever,  Ms-Access, Oracle 9i.





QAConsultant     Reliance Communications, NJ                                   Feb ' 09 - Dec ' 09 

Reliance Infocomm Ltd is an Information and Communications services provider. Reliance Infocomm has established a high capacity, integrated and convergent (voice, data and video) digital network, to offer services spanning the entire Infocomm value chain. The international calling services are offered through the above referred website. Customers can sign up through Tested various links of Home Page, text-hyperlinks the website for variety of calling plans. Also the web site offers a rich set of value added features which the customer can utilize by logging into his account.    


Responsibilities:

Analysis of Business Requirements, development and execution of test plans, test cases.
Involved in the design of automation framework.
Extensive manual testing of the entire website.
Create test cases for various stages of testing like Functional, Integration and Regression testing.
Backend manual testing using SQL and constraint validations.
Test various links from home page; text hyperlinks, image hyperlinks. 
Perform compatibility, concurrency and cross validation testing with different web browsers. 
Monitored the system resources that include different hosts and servers during load test.
Coordinated cross-cell testing activities like installation, Test environment set up, application access and sanity testing and interface dependency.
Track defects and maintain test documentation using Test Director.

Environment:- HTML, XML, SQL, QTP, Oracle, iPlanet Server, various web browsers.













Analyst P		





















  
    C#.NET
    .NET
    .Net
    .net
    ASP.NET
  
  
    ADO
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    Apache
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    Databases
    database
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    fast
  
  
    features
  
  
    forms 4.5
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    MVS
  
  
    Internet Information Server
  
  
    image
  
  
    iPlanet
  
  
    JAVA
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScript
    Java Script
  
  
    JBoss
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Load Runner 8.x
    LoadRunner
  
  
    Macintosh
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    access
    Ms-Access
    MS Access
  
  
    MS Office Suite
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows 95
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    MS DOS
  
  
    network
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle
  
  
    Developer 2000
    Developer  2000
  
  
    Page
    page
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    QTP 8.x
    QTP
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    Real Estate
    real estate
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    SQL SERVER
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    user training
  
  
    Test Director
    Test Director 8.0
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    User Interface
  
  
    validation
  
  
    VBScript
  
  
    video
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    web browsers
  
  
    Web servers
  
  
    web site
    website
  
  
    WebLogic 8.x
  
  
    XML
  


