
Vijaya K. Pamidipati
398 Stonebridge Dr.
Fremont, CA 94536
Ph: 408-768-4657
pvlkoteswari@yahoo.com


Objective:

To attain a position as a team-player in a challenging environment where I can maximize my technical, organizational, leadership and training experiences to help the organization achieve its goals by enhancing or maintaining the high quality and success of projects.
Skills:
Over 9 years of experience in software development, QA and technical support.
Modeling, designing, developing, testing, implementing, administering and supporting The Customer Support Department and Database with knowledgebase 
Effective liaison between technical and non-technical staff 
Proven leader with demonstrated abilities in training, mentoring and management of personnel and successful project completion.
Professional and effective work record in all areas of responsibilities.
Self motivated, organized and result oriented.
Excellent communication skills and a good team player
Tools Used:
Databases: ORACLE and MS-SQL Server.
OS: Windows (NT/XP) &amp; UNIX (HP, Sun)
Testing Tools: Silk, QA Direct, QA Run, QTP, Load Runner and SQA Robot
Microsoft: MS Office Suites
PeopleTools: Application Designer, Process Scheduler, Application Engine, Security Administration and Query Administration.
Reporting Tools: Crystal Reports, SQR and Query
ETL Tools: Informatica 8.6.1/8.1/7.1.2/6.1.X (Repository Manager, Designer, Workflow Manager, and Workflow Monitor)






Wells Fargo, DSSG- San Francisco, CA
PeopleSoft, Inc. - Pleasanton, CA
Technical/Functional QA Analyst - 04/2006 - 10/2009

Responsibilities:

Testing Human Resources, which is Part of HRMS 8.8 on Tools Version 8.42 on various platforms MS SQL Server, Oracle on Windows and UNIX.

Peoplesoft Applications: HRMS

Online Data Verification:

Responsible for reviewing the Data Flow at various stages, using Query or SQL Tools like Query Navigator for SQL Server &amp; PL/SQL for Oracle databases.

Data Conversion &amp; Reports:

Created several SQL Scripts and executed the same at several stages to review the data for accuracy for some of the important tables like:
Control Tables: Installation, COMPANY_TBL, LOCATION_TBL, PAYGROUP_TBL, and DEPT_TBL etc
Transaction Tables: personnel information, job, employment etc.
Processing and reviewing the output of numerous SQR's and Crystal Reports.


Portal Software - Cupertino, CA
Lead Software Engineer (QA) - 05/1999 - 03/2006
Tools Used:
Oracle/SQL Server
Windows/ UNIX (HP/AIX/Unix)
C/C++, Perl, SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting
Microsoft Office
QA Tools (QA Direct, QA Run, Silk Test) 



Responsibilities:
Developed, published, and implemented test plans.
Developed Automation for the above test plans using Silk/QA Direct on both client server and on-line.
Lead and directed the work to others like Interns and Jr. QA Analyst.
Performed White Box, Smoke, Unit &amp; Integration, System (End to End), Regression, Scalability &amp; Recovery Tests.
Functional, Stress and Load Tests
User Acceptance Tests
Developed product specifications based on different environments.
Escalated customer-reported bugs, product enhancement requests and issues to the appropriate development departments.
Bug Tracking system using Clear Case.
Important Products:
Infranet: Customer Database with AR, Billing and Pricing system.

Portal Software's Infranet&#174; Wireless  offers a complete solution for creating, managing, billing, and settlement for GPRS services. The modular architecture of Infranet Wireless supports coexistence with existing billing systems, helping mobile service providers to outpace their competition by rapidly launching 2.5G services. Mobile service providers can manage customer access to GPRS services and rate for those services based on a variety of criteria, such as access point names (APNs), bytes used, quality of service (QoS), and airtime.

Revenue Management for VoIP Solutions:
Portal's Revenue Management solution for VoIP delivers comprehensive functionality to meet the business challenges of these service providers: 
AAA functionality and credit management enables the IP telephony provider to authenticate and authorize users in real-time and check a range of factors about their customers, such as credit status and account balance, thereby ensuring that revenue is not lost as a result of fraudulent transactions. 
Portal's flexible platform is designed specifically to bring new services to market faster. Products, services and price plans can be introduced rapidly-often in hours-rather than days and weeks. 

Infranet&#174; Content Connector
Infranet&#174; Content Connector provides a scalable and secure solution for building a revenue-generating network of content, commerce, and application partners. This modular enhancement to the powerful Infranet customer management and billing platform combines the benefits of consolidated billing with the advantages of third-party service innovation to create an ideal business environment for service providers, mobile operators, and content portals to work with value-chain partners and end users.



Technical Test Scripts:
Product Installation related scripts.
Product Setup related scripts.

Functional Test Scripts:
Accounting type system setting 
Euro Support
Billed Balances
Billing Progress
Invoice Viewer
Payment View
Creation of Parent Account
Tax setup
Payment Setup
Discounts and Overrides

SNS Mortgage Co, India.    			 
Developer/Business Analyst - 07/1996 - 01/1999

Assist in gathering data and developing statistical analysis for the Prepayment experience in a mortgage market.
Enhanced portfolio valuation system, and ported in PowerBuilder.
Asset/Liability Pricing System generates cash flows, market prices, durations, and other analytics for publicly traded and privately placed securities and mortgage loans. 
It also prices embedded options in these issues. 
The system provides back-end analytics for the database and reports, processing holdings values on a daily basis, wrote cash flow generation and analytics for mortgages and various other instruments priced by the system.
Tools Used: Windows, PowerBuilder. 
Language: Power Script with Object Orientated Development (OOD) features
Documentation and Training:
Extensive experience in writing product specifications, release notes, etc., for both beta tester and client populations. Skilled in developing, writing documentation and administering technical training.
Education:
Masters in Computer Science, June 1996 (Nagarjuna University, India)
Bachelors in Math, Physics and Computer Science, June 1994 (Nagarjuna University, India)




  
    Accounting
  
  
    AIX
  
  
    AR
  
  
    Automation
  
  
    balance
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    Billing
    billing
  
  
    billing systems
  
  
    C++
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    client server
  
  
    content
    Content
  
  
    credit
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    client
  
  
    Data Conversion
  
  
    data modeling
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    features
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    GPRS
  
  
    HP
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    Informatica 8.6.1
    Informatica
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Load Runner
  
  
    notes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    access
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    MS Office Suites
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows (NT
  
  
    Navigator
  
  
    network
  
  
    OOD
  
  
    OS
  
  
    ORACLE
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle database
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle/SQL
  
  
    Peoplesoft
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    PowerBuilder
  
  
    Pricing
  
  
    Progress
  
  
    QTP
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    securities
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    Script
  
  
    Silk
  
  
    Sql server
    MS SQL Server
    MS-SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SQR
  
  
    statistical analysis
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Tables
    tables
  
  
    Tax
  
  
    technical training
  
  
    telephony
  
  
    Toad
  
  
    type
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    Unix)
C
  
  
    UNIX Shell Scripting
    UNIX scripts
  
  
    validation
  
  
    valuation
  
  
    View
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    Written
  


