
                                               RASHMI A. MENON
                                                    (650) 714-0655
                                            rashmi_menon@post.harvard.edu

Key strengths
                 Extensive experience in key industries such as social media, green technology, and consumer internet
                 A wide range of business skills and experience including product management, people management,
                 strategic planning, consumer research, marketing, sales, and business development
                 Strong analytical skills and the ability to drive a project from start to finish, from making high-level
                 strategic recommendations to senior executives to executing detailed plans

Experience
                GREEN RESOURCE NETWORK (WWW.GREENRESOURCENETWORK.COM)
2009-2011       Co-Founder                                                                                 Sunnyvale, CA
                 Started a company which helps schools, businesses and governments go green. Start-up tasks
                   included business modeling, strategy and financing planning, company naming, designing and
                   managing website development, completing legal set-up, etc.
                 Closed deals and managed client relationships with first four paying clients. Developed business by
                   establishing vendor booths at trade shows, speaking at events, and leveraging professional network.
                 Conducted billing analyses and on-site audits of client facilities to identify, size, and prioritize key
                   opportunities for resource efficiency measures.
                 Performed analyses to compare several financing options available for client renewable energy projects
                   including tax credit bonds, low interest loan programs, and power purchase agreements.
                 Secured approximately $15mil in stimulus funding options for clients.
                 Presented green project recommendations to local entities including school boards and governments.
                 Recruited and managed pro-bono interns.
                 Teaching "How to Start Your Business: From Idea to Business Plan" at Stanford Continuing Studies.

                YAHOO!
2008-2009       Director, Product Management &amp; Marketing, Yahoo! Developer Network (YDN)              Sunnyvale, CA
                 Managed a team of two product managers and one product marketing manager whose responsibilities
                   included redesigning the YDN website, onboarding new Yahoo! APIs, and marketing new product
                   launches.
                 Collected and presented initial developer feedback on the first Yahoo! Open Strategy (YOS) release,
                   resulting in product enhancements and changes across the YOS organization.
                 Created developer support plans for the YOS release, presented plans to Product and Architecture
                   committee, and implemented new support initiatives.
                                             RASHMI A. MENON


            YAHOO!
2006-2008   Director, Product Management, Social Media Platforms                                      Sunnyvale, CA
             Restructured and rebuilt a product management team (four direct reports). Responsibilities included
               development of cross-network Identity, Relationship, and Address Book Platforms and management
               of an integrations team to drive platform adoption.
             Convinced Chief Product Officer to issue a mandate requiring all Yahoo! properties to adopt a cross-
               network Identity platform, including APIs, best practices, and front-end components. Completed over
               40 property integrations of the platform.
             Led cross-functional, senior management team to formulate network-wide best practices for
               representing relationships between users on Yahoo! Presented recommendations to Chief Product
               Officer for approval and rolled out APIs, front-end components, and policies across Yahoo!
             Managed a team to launch a new set of open Address Book APIs &#173; the first set of social media APIs
               offered by Yahoo! to third party developers.
             Evangelized community and social media initiatives at Yahoo! including providing consulting and best
               practices advice to properties interested in increasing their social media activities.
2004-2006   Senior Product Manager                                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
             Built and developed a product management team (three direct reports) at Yahoo! Personals, including
               hiring two new employees and promoting one employee during the annual review cycle.
             Managed the product team responsible for running the existing Yahoo! Personals service to implement
               initiatives to acquire and retain customers, reduce customer service costs, address bugs, and increase
               the lifetime value of subscribers.
             Provided strategic recommendations for several Yahoo! Personals product areas (premium services,
               segmentation, pricing, etc.) and implemented initiatives based on these recommendations.
             Shipped Yahoo! on MCE, a personalized Yahoo! video experience on TV. Defined product
               requirements and prioritization, led cross functional team (engineering, legal, security, privacy,
               marketing, log-in, customer service) to develop product, managed relationship with outside partner
               (Microsoft), and presented to Chief Product Officer for launch approval.
             Coordinated first ever Yahoo! Digital Home presence at CES, including recruiting and training demo
               staff and creating demo script and content. Managed a contractor to create marketing positioning and
               materials, design the digital home website, and secure and prepare demo locations.
             Managed legal and business development teams to clear/acquire content for Digital Home services.

            MICROSOFT CORPORATION
2001-2004   Product Manager, MSN                                                                 Mountain View, CA
             Hired and managed two consultants to create and implement marketing plans for upcoming feature
               releases and formulate a new product positioning/messaging framework for the dial-up SKU.
             Managed the MSN Dial-up Accelerator release from conception to launch by demonstrating need for
               the feature through market research, securing management approval, defining feature requirements,
               creating marketing messaging, and implementing low-cost marketing methods.
             Conducted consumer and competitor research to determine packaging, pricing, and acquisition
               strategies and create a product roadmap and requirements for the MSN Internet Access business.
             Created and presented an overview of the highlights and lowlights of the dial-up consumer's
               experience to the Corporate VP of MSN Communications Services.
             Helped secure approval to implement a new suite of MSN TV services and products in the digital
               home market by crafting a strategy and presenting a product concept demo to the head of MSN.
             Provided product planning leadership for the launch of a TV listings site on MSN.com, including
               writing and presenting strategic vision documents and MRDs, creating business models, managing an
               outside vendor to conduct consumer research, determining the feature set, incorporating findings from
               usability into the product, and working with the development team to ship the feature.
             Created and presented product demos of Digital Video Recorder, Media Center PC and internet set
               top box services internally and at the CES trade show.
                                                RASHMI A. MENON


              MICROSOFT CORPORATION
Summer 2000   Product Marketing Manager, WebTV                                                      Mountain View, CA
               Prepared overview of video on demand and standalone digital video recorder markets, including
                 formulation of forecasts and analysis of competitors, distribution channels, branding, business models,
                 and consumer opinions. Recommended future strategies in these markets.
               Created and presented summary of Product Roadmap Research, highlighting opportunities for new
                 products and areas requiring further research.

              THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
1998-1999     Project Manager, Corporate Brand Management and Synergy, Asia Pacific                      Tokyo, Japan
               Managed two analysts to prepare and present the Japan Brand Equity Survey and a strategic overview
                 of Disney's business in Japan to local executives and senior corporate management.
               Worked with theatrical distribution group and led a special marketing task force to reposition Disney
                 feature animated releases in Japan from "date" movies to "family" films.
               Managed relationship with market research firms on three primary consumer research projects.
1995-1998     Senior Analyst, Corporate Strategic Planning                                            Los Angeles, CA
               Created business plans for home video, television and studio investment deals worldwide.
               Conducted negotiations with pay television operators in Asia.
               Worked with legal counsel to draft deal terms for television and studio investments.
               Managed communications with senior management for approval of television and studio deals.
               Planned two high-level corporate delegation visits to China and attended all senior level meetings with
                 Shanghai Municipal Government officials as a delegation member.
               Assembled historical and projected financials for all Disney business units in Asia and summarized the
                 key strategic issues facing each unit.

Education
              STANFORD GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS                                                            Stanford, CA
              Master of Business Administration, 2001. Co-chair and treasurer, GSB Wine Circle.

              HARVARD COLLEGE                                                                  Cambridge, MA
              AB, magna cum laude, in Economics, 1995. GPA: 3.84/4.00. 1 of 24 students inducted into Phi Beta
              Kappa, Junior Year. Senior Supervisor, Economics Unit Test Program. Co-Chair, Colprep Kids
              Volunteer Tutoring Program.

Additional    Languages: Japanese, Malayalam, French
              Personal Interests: Stanford lecturer, You Tube chef, wine collecting, soccer, music and arts



  
    billing
  
  
    bonds
  
  
    Book
  
  
    Brand Management
    branding
  
  
    business development
  
  
    business modeling
  
  
    Business Plan
    business plans
  
  
    com
  
  
    CA
  
  
    concept
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    credit
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    designing
  
  
    digital video
    Digital Video
  
  
    Economics
  
  
    editorial
  
  
    Equity
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    features
  
  
    financials
    financing
  
  
    French
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Government
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Internet Access
  
  
    investments
  
  
    Japanese
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    legal
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    product marketing
    Product Management &amp; Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    MSN
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    developer
    Developer
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    product planning
  
  
    policies
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    presenting
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    product management
  
  
    project management
  
  
    speaking
  
  
    QA
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    set
               top box
  
  
    script
  
  
    site architecture
  
  
    Strategy
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    tax
  
  
    Teaching
  
  
    TV
    television
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    Tutoring
  
  
    unique
  
  
    video
  
  
    vision
  
  
    website
    website development
  


