
Dushun Ballenger
15523 Fall Briar Drive
Missouri City, Texas 77489
(773) 557-9969
E-mail: dballeng@yahoo.com

Objective:	To obtain a position as a LAN/WAN Administrator/Support/Engineer where my experience, training and dedication will allow me the opportunity for professional growth.

Career Summary:	Certified Information Technology (IT) Professional with 12 years of diversified IT experience as a LAN Administrator, Network Professional and Network Engineer with a strong LAN/WAN infrastructure background. Proficient with various Cisco network devices as well as Microsoft Windows platforms. A solid background in network installations, configurations, troubleshooting, network design, implementation and monitoring. Obtained Microsoft's and Cisco's certifications through job experience. An excellent team player, who works well independently, understands technology and a knack for resolving network problems, exhibiting extreme excellence in those regards.  



Knowledge and Skills:


Routing Protocols Technology: IP, BGP4, OSPF, RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, ODR  

Data Communications: PPP, Frac T1, T1, T3, OC-3 (SONET), E1, DSL, ATM, Frame Relay, ISDN,
                                       POTS, MPLS, VPN

TCP/IP Protocol Suite: OSI/DOD model, IP, TCP, UDP, ARP, ICMP, IP Addressing/Subnetting

Cisco Routers: 1600, 1700, 2600, 3600, 3700, 3800, 7200 and 7500 series

Cisco LAN Switches: 2900XL, 3524XL , 3550XL, 3560, 3750, 4000, 4500, 5000, 6000 and 6500 series 

3COM Switches: 600, 3300XL

Foundry Server Irons: 400

Tools:  TNG, TNG 2D MAP, NAI Sniffer Pro, Unicenter Service Desk, RouterPM, TREND, SNMP, 
             DHCP, DNS, LMS, Router management (Cisco Works 3.0 &amp; 3.02, LMS), Netflow Analyzer 7

LAN Topologies:  Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, Gigabit Ethernet,  Wireless 802.11a/b/g, FDDI

Cisco Features: HSRP, VRRP, VLAN, VTP, STP, Access List, NAT/PAT, CDP, Multicast

Software Applications: MS-OFFICE 2007 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio)







Professional Experience:

Network Architect
Responsible for the global data center migrations, consolidations and deployment at the enterprise level for HP clients worldwide 
		Duties include:		
     Schedule meetings with clients to fully understanding their existing network 
       compartments and topology
     Order new circuits for clients' and schedule installation and test and turn-up
Review and submit firewall rules changes for new clients' firewall compartment
Review and implement network changes for new clients' network compartment
Review and submit cabling requests (fiber and cat6) for clients' server farm compartment
Review and submit new IP subnet scheme for new clients' compartment
Review and submit new DNS entries for new clients' compartment
Create new Visio network topology diagram detailing new network topology for clients' compartment   
Schedule connectivity testing with client to validate new network compartment build
Schedule and coordinate equipment move to new data center and test connectivity
Experience with MPLS networks
Experience with Cisco Routers and Switches configurations and troubleshooting
Solid understanding of all routing protocols (EIGRP, OSPF and BGP)


04/10 - 09/11	Walgreens / Consultant of Analyst in Motion (AIM)
		Senior Network Technician
Responsible for troubleshooting, maintaining and supporting all network systems to ensure overall availability of Walgreen's network 
		Duties include:		
     Identify, troubleshoot and work with Walgreens' DTR Personnel to resolve all  
       network related problems and outages
     Ticket handling, internal/external escalations, vendor engagement and    
       communication
Proactively monitor the LAN/WAN infrastructure for connectivity problems, performance issues and outages
Experience with Mid-size to large size networks
Configuration and troubleshooting of Cisco routers, switches, Hughes Satellite HN7700, Fortinet/FortiGate, Wireless Access Points, Wavelink WS2000 Wireless Switches equipment
Experience with Domain Name System (DNS), Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP), Hot Standby Router Protocol (HSRP), Network Address Translation (NAT), Virtual LANs (VLANS), Access List (ACL) and Layer 2 Ethernet switching
Solid understanding of all routing protocols (EIGRP, OSPF and BGP)
Experience troubleshooting Telco circuits (Frame Relay, T1, T3, OCx and MPLS)
Knowledge of Cisco's Voice Over IP (VoIP) and Quality of Service (QoS) Technologies
Experience with the following monitoring tools (EMC Smarts, SNMPc, Hughes Vision Elements)
Working knowledge of the following Applications: MS-OFFICE 2010, Telnet, SSH, Network Authority, SNMPc, ZOC, BMC Remedy, Lotus Notes, Interaction Client, Hughes Vision Elements, DNS, DHCP, Managed Switch Port Mapping Tool,

08/08 - 09/09	Towers Perrin (TP) account of EDS
                             EDS Network Engineer
                             Responsible for designing, implementing, supporting, troubleshooting and maintaining 			Towers Perrin (TP) LAN/WAN infrastructure.
Duties include:
    Identifying, diagnosing and resolving network problems.
    Create and maintain comprehensive design packages for all TP implemented
      networks.
Assist in preparation of technical design proposal and solutions presentation.
Maintain and support TP LAN/WAN environment
Participate in discussions of all assigned projects 
Planning and Implementing project work as well as incident/change requests.
Coordinate, schedule and participate in scheduled maintenance window calls to implement a TP site.
Ensuring the smooth operation of TP network in order to provide maximum performance and availability to the customer.
Supported, implemented and configured the following platforms: Cisco IOS routers, wireless access points and switches, Cisco ACS, Cisco Works, Foundry (Layer 4) Server Irons, Netflow 7, MS Windows NT/XP/2000/2003, Checkpoint Firewall, VPN, TCP/IP, SNMP, DHCP and DNS.  

                      

07/05 - 08/08	United Airlines (UA) account of EDS - Elk Grove Village, IL
		EDS Network Engineer / Designer
Responsible for creating design packages for the LAN Refresh, MPLS and Service Requests Projects at the various Airports, remote offices and 3rd Party facilities for United Airlines. 
Duties include:
    Create design packages that defines the design scope, standards, objectives and requirements of the project
    Review existing site diagrams and site surveys and make recommendations on network equipment, LAN topologies, routing protocols and WAN technologies
  Determine circuit provisioning requirements
  Determine IP subnet requirements for each facility
  Investigate, determine and order the necessary bill of materials for each facility
  Design and create Visio diagrams and Word documentations that introduces the new technology at each facility
  Compose procedural documentations for field representatives to follow when rack mounting or cabling the equipment
  Create various configurations templates for Cisco routers and switches	
  Determine network firewall rules for each facility and submit requests to security team to implement
   Schedule and attend design peer review meetings to review designs before they are submitted to the Implementation team
   Supported, implemented and configured the following platforms: Cisco IOS routers, wireless access points and switches, Cisco Works, Foundry (Layer 4) Server Irons, Netflow 7, MS Windows NT/XP/2000/2003, Checkpoint Firewall, VPN, TCP/IP, SNMP, DHCP and DNS.  
 							





05/05 - 6/05	Sears, Roebuck &amp; Co. - Hoffman Estates, IL
		Network Engineer
		Responsible for the life cycle of the Sears/Kmart migration projects. Duties include:
	Define and validate network needs and changes to support business applications projects
    Define, recommend and implement network design standards for customer business
      operations
    Determine network routing, switching and load balancing requirements and solutions
      for Sears Network
    Determine network firewall and security requirements and solution per CSC IT
      standards
    Design, test and analyze LAN and WAN solutions for use in customers business
      operations.
    Work closely with Customers business contacts and Engineers to ensure a dependable
      solution is deployed and transitioned to Network Management Center.
    Provide 3rd tier support of various network solutions as part of CSC's Network
      Engineering activities					Contractor for T.C.M.L.
		
05/00 - 04/05	Allstate Insurance Co. - Northbrook, IL.
		Network Professional	
Responsible for supporting 5 Data Centers and 3000 remote locations in a 24 by 7 operations. Duties includes:  monitoring, installation, maintenance, configuration and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers and Switches as well as other Layer 2 devices such as 3COM switches and foundry server irons.
Responsibility involved:
Troubleshoot and resolve all network related problems
Monitor the LAN/WAN infrastructure for connectivity problems, performance issues and outages
Ticket Handling, escalation, vendor engagement and communication
Service restoration, break/fix activities and change control activities
Perform DNS and DHCP changes and additions
Perform sniffer traces on sites with performance problems
Solid understanding of all routing protocols (OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, RIP)
Experience with various Telco circuits (Frame Relay, ISDN, T1, PPP, SONET)

7/98 - 05/00	Forsythe Solutions Group - Skokie, IL.
		LAN Administrator
		Provided support for Microsoft's products and LAN/WAN administration.
		Responsibility involved:
Installation and configuration of DHCP, WINS, DNS, RAS and IIS Servers
Traveled to remote offices and implemented company's network environment by configuring Cisco Routers to connect to 56K Frame Relay, T1 and ISDN lines to be routed back to main office.
Understand dynamic and static configuration of TCP/IP protocols and subnetting.
Generated and supported NT Servers and Workstations for various departments
Perform daily backups on NT Servers using Cheyenne ArcServe for NT.
Setup, configure and tested IBM ThinkPad and HP Vectras desktops for employees and consultants
Migrated Novell Servers to NT Servers
Created  accounts, logon scripts, user profiles and hardware profiles for various departments
Supported 1000 users and client workstations


9/97 - 10/97	Oppenheimer Inc. - Chicago, IL.
	Network Technician
	Installation and configuration of Windows NT Workstations.
	Install/configure TCP/IP and software applications.
	Create/Modify/Delete user's accounts, profiles and logon scripts.
	Troubleshoot LAN connectivity			Consultant for R.H.I.

6/97 - 8/97	Sidley &amp; Austin - Chicago, IL.
	Desktop Support
	Provide in-house support to users over the telephone with software and hardware issues.
	Supported MS-OFFICE and WordPerfect Suite.	Consultant for Sierra Systems

1/97 - 5/97	First Bank of Oak Park - Oak Park, IL.
	AS/400 Computer Operator
	Responsible for performing system backups, report distribution and processing batch jobs.
	Assisted network administrators with the setup, install, and configure of new desktop computers.

1/96 - 12/96	Chicago State University - Chicago, IL.
	Computer Lab Assistant
	Assisted students with software, hardware, online applications and printing questions and problems.
	Trained students and faculty how to use word processors, databases, spreadsheets, Internet, programming languages and desktop publishing programs.
	Maintained and repaired equipment

6/93 - 8/95	Advance Presort Service - Chicago, IL.
	PC Technician
	Responsible for install, setup, configure, upgrade and repair of various Microcomputers and printers.
	Assisted departmental staff with various software and hardware issues.
	Design and implemented programs for inventory control.

Education:	Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
	Chicago State University - Chicago, IL.

Certifications:
A+ Certified Service Technician (Verification#  BC2DTT0810)
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
Microsoft Certified Professional + Internet (MCP+I)
Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE) - (MCP ID# 1041000)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) - (Cisco ID# CSCO10069048)
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) - (Cisco ID# CSCO10069048)

References:	Available upon request.



  
    A+ Certified
  
  
    ArcServe
  
  
    ATM
  
  
    BGP4
    BGP
  
  
    business
      operations
  
  
    C
  
  
    cabling
  
  
    CCNA
    Cisco Certified Network Associate
  
  
    CCNP
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Cisco Certified
  
  
    Cisco IOS
  
  
    Cisco Routers
    Cisco routers
  
  
    Cisco Works 3.0
    Cisco Works
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    network systems
  
  
    consolidations
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    Data Communications
  
  
    databases
  
  
    dependable
  
  
    designing
  
  
    desktops
  
  
    desktop publishing
  
  
    DHCP
    Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
  
  
    DNS
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    EIGRP
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    Fast Ethernet
  
  
    FDDI
  
  
    Features
  
  
    Firewall
    firewall
  
  
    Frame Relay
  
  
    HP
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    inventory control
  
  
    IP
  
  
    ISDN
  
  
    LANs
    LAN
  
  
    languages
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    materials
  
  
    MCP+I
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microcomputers
  
  
    Access
    access
  
  
    Microsoft Certified Professional
    MCP
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    MCSE
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS-OFFICE
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    window
  
  
    2000
  
  
    MS Windows NT
    NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Word
  
  
    migration
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Network Management
  
  
    Network
      Engineering
    network design
  
  
    Network
    network
    networks
  
  
    Novell Servers
  
  
    NT Servers
  
  
    OSI
  
  
    OSPF
  
  
    Personnel
  
  
    PPP
  
  
    printers
  
  
    programming
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    Protocols
    protocols
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    RAS
  
  
    RIP
  
  
    Router
    routers
    Routing
    routing
  
  
    scheme
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    SNMP
  
  
    SONET
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    SSH
  
  
    Switches
    switches
    Switch
  
  
    T1
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Telnet
  
  
    Translation
  
  
    TREND
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    troubleshoot
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Vision
  
  
    Voice Over IP
    VoIP
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    word processors
  
  
    WordPerfect Suite
  


