
Chris Hyams
VP of Product at Indeed.com
Austin, TX
chyams@indeed.com - 512.619.7040

Technology exec with broad experience in product, engineering, marketing, business development, and
operations for early and late stage startups.



Work Experience


Mountain View, CA, and Stamford, CT.


Chief Product Officer / COO
Slated, LLC
April 2010 to September 2010

Slated is a film marketing and intelligence company that acquired B-Side's Intellectual Property in March
of 2010.
Responsible for establishing and managing company operations and for defining company product vision
and strategy.


Founder &amp; CEO
B-Side Entertainment, Inc.
January 2005 to April 2010

Prior to selling its IP to Slated, B-Side provided film market research, marketing, and distribution services
to filmmakers, producers, and distributors.
Responsible for overall company vision and strategy, raising and managing company finances, and
representing the company in the media and to the industry. Frequent speaker at Industry events and
conferences including the Sundance Film Festival and South By Southwest. Successfully recruited
seasoned Industry executives, and negotiated distribution and marketing partnerships with major digital
distribution outlets as well as major motion picture studios.
B-Side's flagship product Festival GeniusTM is a white-label, cloud-based platform for film festival web
sites. In 4 years, Festival Genius grew into the dominant industry platform, powering more than 200


                                                     1
festival sites including the prestigious Sundance and AFI film festivals, servicing more than 4 million
attendees annually. Festival Genius provides online and mobile scheduling and ticketing services,
offering audience members personal calendars, an optimizing schedule wizard, ratings and reviews, and
personalized recommendations. Through Festival Genius, B-Side built a database of 250,000 registered
members, capturing proprietary audience data on more than 45,000 feature films.
B-Side leveraged its proprietary data and audience panel to provide advanced market research services
to producers and distributors. B-Side's Critical GeniusTM analytical model used audience data to identify
in advance films than earn an average 2x the DVD revenue of typical films. B-Side's Theatrical- On-
DemandTM marketing &amp; incentive platform enables organizations and individual enthusiasts to host their
own digital screenings of feature films. Theatrical-On-Demand delivered the widest single-day opening
ever for a documentary, generating $3.5M in gross DVD sales &amp; rentals on less than $8,000 marketing
spend.


VP of Product Development / Director of Product &amp; Presales
Trilogy, Inc.
May 2000 to December 2004

Trilogy is an Enterprise software company that works exclusively with Fortune 500 / Global 1000
customers in the Automotive, Computer &amp; Consumer Electronics, Telecom, Retail, and Travel industries.
Ran Trilogy's Product Development organization consisting of Engineering, Design / UX, QA,
Documentation, Build, and Operations, with an annual budget of $32M, reporting to CEO. Managed
team of 300 employees split between Austin and Bangalore, India. Responsible for driving the growth
of Trilogy's IP portfolio through aggressive patent opportunity identfication and application; continuously
improving development processes and metrics for the entire organization; all aspects of department HR
including career development, performance management, recruiting, and identifying and growing the
next round of organizational leaders. Worked intimately with cross-functional executive team and vertical
BU GM's to meet delivery schedules, budgets, and organizational objectives. During my tenure, Trilogy
Development filed more than 300 patents, reduced voluntary turnover from more than 25% to less than
5%, and reduced defect rates by more than 50%.
Also responsible for driving Product Strategy and Presales for Trilogy's Computer &amp; Consumer
Electronics business unit, reporting to BU General Manager. Team consisted of Product Management,
Program Management, Design / UX, Presales, and R&amp;D. Responsible for ongoing innovation and
support of Trilogy's flagship SalesBUILDER product suite generating more than $70M in annual revenue.
Worked directly with senior executives at major Computer and Consumer Electronics manufacturers
to develop product vision for new suite of analytics-based services. Sold and guided successful pilot
implementations of intelligent cross-sell recommendation engines for large-scale consumer retail sites.


Director of Development
Trilogy, Inc.
November 1999 to May 2000

Director of Trilogy's Core Development Team, reporting the VP of Development. The Core Dev team
consisted of 45 members, encompassing the architecture team, infrastructure and tool application
development, Design / UX, QA, Documentation, Build, and Operations.


Development Manager
Trilogy, Inc.
April 1999 to November 1999




                                                    2
Managed a team of 15 developers responsible for Trilogy's core application architecture. Responsible
for product management, all aspects of delivery, and direct management of team members.


Software Developer
Trilogy, Inc.
March 1996 to April 1999

Responsible for development of Trilogy's cross-platform core application architecture, which was the
underlying platform for every Trilogy deployment. Architected and developed from the ground up an
object-based replication engine on top of the Trilogy platform, allowing disconnected sales reps to work
remotely and later synchronize changes to and from the server for any Trilogy application. The replication
engine supported object-level conflict detection and resolution, automatic client schema migration, and
seamless cross-database interoperability. Recognized in 1999 as Trilogy's outstanding Developer of the
Year.



Education


MCS in Computer Science
Rice University
1993 to 1995

AB in Architecture
Princeton University
1985 to 1989


Links


http://hyams.posterous.com

http://www.indeed.com

http://www.linkedin.com/in/hyams

http://www.twitter.com/hyams



Awards


Trilogy Developer of the Year Superstar Award, 1999. Highest recognition awarded at Trilogy,
presented each year to the company's outstanding Software Developer.




                                                    3
Groups


TRIL96



Patents


System and method for generating effective recommendations (#7,720,720)
http://www.google.com/patents?id=kH_QAAAAEBAJ
August 2004

A data processing system generates recommendations for on-line shopping by scoring
recommendations matching the customer's cart contents product page, configuration page, email and/
or history using predetermined scoring criteria, such as item availability, item price, relevance of the item
to the customer, item clarity, item exposure, total purchase amount in the cart, margin, recommendation
confidence and lift, shopper profile matches, seasonality, customer history, time dependency, product
marketing emphasis, substitutability, item popularity and/or product attributes associated with the
recommended item. The scored recommendations may be ranked and/or filtered to prioritize the
recommendations so that the best recommendation is selected for presentation to the customer. In
addition, one or more scoring criteria or product attributes for the recommended item may be used to
select a specific selling point/message text for inclusion with the selected recommendation.

System and method for integrated recommendations (#7,966,219)
http://patents.com/us-7966219.html
September 2004

A recommendation appliance, system and method are provided for generating and deploying additional
web page content or functionality (e.g., retail recommendations) to an existing web page server system.
For example, the present invention may be embodied as a reverse proxy server that is inserted as
an intermediate network node between a web server and the end users accessing the web server. In
this position, the recommendation appliance can introduce recommendation messages to web pages
generated by the web server without requiring any modification to the code or architecture of the web
server. In addition, the appliance may separately track the transaction activities of end users who
receive recommendation messages and the transaction activities of end users who do not receive
recommendation messages, so that a comparison of the effectiveness of the recommendations may
efficiently be demonstrated without requiring any modification to the code or architecture of the web
server.




                                                     4



  
    advertising
  
  
    application
development
  
  
    Automotive
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    com
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    Consumer
Electronics
    Consumer Electronics
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
  
  
    data processing
  
  
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Product Development
  
  
    Documentation
  
  
    driving
  
  
    DVD
  
  
    email
  
  
    Film
    film
  
  
    functional
  
  
    General Manager
  
  
    UX
  
  
    html
  
  
    http
  
  
    HR
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    IP
  
  
    languages
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    product
marketing
  
  
    access
  
  
    works
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    next
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    page
  
  
    performance management
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Product Management
    product management
  
  
    Program Management
  
  
    proxy server
  
  
    speaker
  
  
    QA
  
  
    recruiting
    recruitment
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Retail
    retail
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Strategy
    strategy
  
  
    Telecom
  
  
    unique
  
  
    vision
  
  
    web
server
    web server
  
  
    web
sites
    websites
    web pages
    web page
  


