
ANGELA ENGLAND, MPM, MAOM, PMP
460 Valley View Dr ~ Lewisville, TX 75067
						                     aaengland21@hotmail.com
Cell: 214-450-7060

SR. PROGRAM MANAGER / PMO DIRECTOR
Highly accomplished, PMO Director with 20 years of extensive Governance, Program and Project Management experience in establishing PMO processes, resource management, and program and project execution within the Software Technology sector.  A highly proficient Sr. Program Manager experienced in multiple international project implementations in Chile, Brazil, China, Mexico, India, Canada and United Kingdom.  Highly experienced in all phases of the software development and project life cycle (inception, initiation, planning, execution, implementation, deployment, production).  A strategic planner, proactive thinker with excellent problem solving abilities and strong leadership and vision skills.   Specialist in collaborating with C-Level and other senior level business management to establish project priorities and roadmaps.   Expertise in budgeting, portfolio management, cost containment, quality control, risk and change management.  Skilled in managing and motivating regionally distributed internal and external teams.  Expertise includes:
Strategic Visio &amp; Proactive Thinker
Project &amp; Program Management 
Process Improvement
PMO Organization &amp; Staffing 
Reporting, SLAs &amp; KPIs
Change Management 
Team Building/Leadership/Mentoring
Portfolio Management 
Resource Management



CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS
Brinks Inc: Created and implemented operational processes to drive consistency and support achievement of operational business strategy. Developed and implemented the Project Management Methodology used as the corporate guidelines and strategic vision for implementing the project life cycle. Implemented Project Server to optimize Enterprise Portfolio Management and Resource Utilization.  Drove stakeholder consensus and aligned projects with strategic objectives - helped key stakeholders prioritize and weight business objectives in order to select project portfolios that drive value for the business.
    
Wal-Mart Stores: Managed financial programs ranging from $500k to $55 M dollars, successful in holding vendors to contract and saving $500k on a multi-million dollar contract.  Manager of multiple international project implementations in Chile, Brazil, China, Mexico, India, 

TeleSphere: Established PMO, governance and project methodology to ensure projects were managed according to budget and within established communicated timelines.  Ensured allocations of budget and resource to the right project saving the company and clients $650k.   
   
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Brinks, Inc.  Coppell, TX								                5/11 - 1/12
Governance Program Manager  
Established and administered the standards for project execution, quality review of key project artifacts, risk management, change management, and release management. 
Implemented and managed Project Server as the repository for all product initiatives and project management activities. 
Implemented mentoring and brown bag sessions to training project managers on the standards and procedures for utilizing Project Server. 
Conducted quality audits to ensure projects are managed according to guidelines established for project execution. 
Established governance toll gates to ensure projects are being managed with transparency, according to guidelines and within budget.  
Aligned project work to the company's 2015 strategy, lead  project/program governance structure
Held project teams accountable for risk and financial management of the projects and for providing project status updates to stakeholders and customers. 
Managed project team activities through all stages of the project including impact assessment, development of business requirements, project design, development, testing, implementation, warranty, and post implementation.
Developed and implemented the Project Management Methodology used as the corporate guidelines and strategic vision for implementing the software life cycle methodology. Provided consulting services in areas of business analysis, CRM and project management. 
Developed and maintained professional relationships with project and program sponsors (for example, senior management) and stakeholders by educating on product and program requirements; collaborating with stakeholders to assess costs and establish the return on investment (ROI); securing management approval for resource allocations; creating the communication plan which determines communication level, frequency, detail and distribution of status updates; and minimizing impact of changes (for example, scope, schedule, costs).
Led project managers in process improvement; collaborate with stakeholders to enhance processes across the Brinks footprint; defined and implemented process improvement for managing projects across the company including globally; recommended process improvement to ensure products are managed effectively within the Product and Sales organizations. Removed barriers (for example, existing business process that no longer met the needs of the organizational structure) to help drive efficiency and reduce cost. 
Worked with business units to identify goals, success criteria, assumptions, risks, and known issues with the project or program; coordinate planning activities (for example, business requirements, risk assessment, current and desired diagrams, target date) and assembling management plans.
Ensured budgets were funding the right projects; increase the transparency of project portfolio through central monitoring utilizing Project Server.    
Created Training Classes to ensure project managers were trained in portfolio management software best practices.
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.										10/08 - 5/11
Financial Services Program Manager   				         			           
Managed the execution of multiple large cross functional and cross business projects and 8 programs; ensured resolution of critical issues; monitored progress versus plan; escalated complex or difficult issues; utilized scope-change orders to track changes to the projects/programs; tracked expenditures and budgets; provided informational presentations; managed stakeholder expectations; held self and project team accountable for project delivery; and developed performance reports.
Developed less experience associates by mentoring Senior Project Leaders, Project Leaders, Senior Project Specialists, Project Specialists; conducted individual training (for example, Information Systems Development Life Cycle (ISDLC) methodology and  project management); participated in area development meetings; and assisted teams in the resolution of technical and business issues.
Vendor Management through the creation of Request For Proposals (RFPs) and Statement of Works (SOW) to define scope, cost and schedules for all vendors engaged in the programs. Most contracts range from $500,000 to $55+ million. Worked with legal to ensure Wal-Mart was covered and projects were completed based upon statement of work. 
Coordinated, completed, and oversaw job-related activities and assignments for Information Systems Division (ISD) by developing and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders; supporting plans and initiatives that met Customer and business needs; identified and communicated goals and objectives; built accountability for and measured progress; identified and addressed improvement opportunities; and demonstrated adaptability continuous learning.
Managed project team activities through all stages of the project including impact assessment, requirement gathering, design, construction, testing, implementation, warranty, and post implementation.
Identified cross-function/cross-business project impacts at C-Level review meetings. Identified and secured project and program resources. Established milestones and project/program schedules, and conducted Steering Committee meetings.
Ensured projects were in compliance with Wal-Mart's policies and procedures and supported Wal-Mart's mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by implementing related action plans; provided direction and guidance in executing business processes and practices.
A highly proficient Program Manager experienced in multiple international project implementations in Chile, Brazil, China, Mexico, India, Canada, and United Kingdom. Developed staffing plans and assigned tasks to a staff of 25 project managers; ensured tasks were executed as defined in the schedule in order to achieve the goals communicated to stakeholders; managed budgets and costs for projects and 8 programs; managed changes (for example, scope, schedule, costs) to the plans; and ensured adherence to established quality standards for the Information Systems Division.
Managed the P&amp;L to ensure ROI was obtained based upon the strategic programs established by the business. 

DR PEPPER											3/08 - 6/08
SAP HR Senior Program Manager - Consultant 		 
Implemented and integrated HRSMART and SAP HR multi phase project.  Project Planning, scheduling and scope management. 
Managed tasks and project milestones utilizing MS Project as a tracking tool. Change Control and CM Lead. Worked with the Business Partner and IT Resources to identify the estimate and finalize the level of effort. 
Proficiency in Project Management Principles, methods, techniques and tools used to effectively manage projects throughout the project life cycle. 
Established structure and processes for the project team to effectively communicate tasks, risks and issues. 
Ensured IT internal controls were operating effectively within DPS and the project was in compliance with best practice and regulatory compliance requirements.  Strong interpersonal skills used in successfully developing relationships among various groups, such as IT management, corporate management and customer relationship. 

Cingular Wireless/AT&amp;T 										5/06 - 3/08
Senior Program - Release Manager - Consultant
Oversaw and managed multiple large projects and programs within a C-sharp, SQL, C++, J2EE, HTML, JAVA, .NET, Oracle, UNIX, Tibco multi-functional platform environment. 
Worked closely with business organizations, enterprise architects, development teams, QA and Infrastructure production support, and operations to ensure business needs were met, projects/programs were implemented, and scope maintained and deployed within budget. 
Utilized version control and change management, integration management,  Microsoft Project 

Genuity, Verizon, NTT/Verio, Homecomings, Verizon                     				               7/04 - 5/06
Senior Release/Program Manager - Consultant 
Implemented Verizon Fios Voice $50 million project within a multi-functional platform environment that consist of applications ranging from C-sharp, SQL, C++, J2EE, HTML, JAVA, .NET, Oracle, to AS400 IBM Mainframe. 
Infrastructure project: Project planning, execution, monitoring, and resource balancing skills, managed 12 state site deployments simultaneously across the United States while managing a team of 248 people including resources in (India) and across the United States. 
Managed security and regulatory issues. Responsible for the project direction and procedures, including deep dive meetings to ensure projects remained on schedule according to program schedule and project delivery timelines. Assigned resources and assigned project tasks to technical staff. Proactively address all project issues and risk management.
Experienced in career development strategies that helped attract and retain high-performing team members. Program Manager for multiple order entry, sales, provisioning systems, software, and application implementations from initiation throughout the software and project life cycle. 
Infrastructure project: Managed the move of one data center from one location to another location out of state. Made sure data was backed up and servers were ordered. Worked with network engineering team. Created the schedule and budget for the project. Made sure consultants were on site when need be. Also, dealt with network security and deployment throughout this project.

	TeleSphere, Inc											1/01 - 7/04
PMO Executive Director 
Executive level Director hired to establish the PMO office. Interviewed and hired seasoned project managers, business analyst, system analyst and program managers. Budget management, resource forecasting and management. Worked with the office manager to ensure HR policy and procedures were established and followed. 
Aligned project work to the company's strategy, leaded project/program governance structure, managed project resources and directed their work through business prioritization. 
Held the team accountable for risk and financial management of the projects and for providing project status updates to stakeholders and customers. 
Developed the Project Management Methodology used as the corporate guidelines and strategic vision for implementing the software life cycle methodology. Provided consulting services in areas of business analysis, CRM and project management. 
Customer Relationship Manager established CRM procedures used to assist the sales department with identifying new and existing client's key information to help grow the company's forecasted revenue. 
Vendor and contract management. Evaluated new business initiatives, facilitated and wrote contractual statement of work to establish vendor partnerships. Optimized allocations of budget and resource to the right projects - Using Microsoft's portfolio management software. 

      XO Communications										6/99 - 1/01
     Senior Operations Manager /Senior Program Manager 
Senior Manager of Operations interviewed, hired, and managed 43 subordinates spanning five teams, provided coaching, motivation, discipline, and guidance. Established joint goals and career paths, and allocated resources for assigned projects. Conducted performance reviews and disciplinary actions as required. Developed and maintained operational reporting of organizational standards. 
Worked with the LECs and trading partners to launch the internal EDI gateway system. Created Access Service Request and Local Service Request electronically via the EDI gateway. Created Service Level Agreements (SLAs) used to establish workflow and measurement standards. 
Interfaced with PSAP and Bellcore Forms to ensure LEC standards were being adhered to by company. Interfaced with IT to enhance the Provisioning, LIDB, and E911 systems. Worked with Project Mangers to ensure business requirements were gathered and documented.
Provided Tier II Helpdesk support for internal clients and network engineering applications. Managed 5 Network Engineers. Performed system assessments to determine impact of newly installed software, and ensured systems were automated to accommodate new market and product launches. 
Program Manager of Special Projects responsible for a team of 6 to 8 project managers who gathered and documented requirements to automate the engineering and provisioning systems within the Network Management Organization utilizing Agile SCRUM, Spiral and Waterfall methodologies. Conducted deep dive meetings to analysis projects that were either red or yellow. Worked with the impacted organizations to mitigation projects that were either red or yellow and to bring them back on schedule for success project implementation. Manager of special projects from initiation through implementation in a .Net, JAVA, HTML C-sharp, Unix environment for the Network Engineering organization. 

MCI WorldCom											10/83 - 6/99
Supervisor III/ Program Manager/Tier II Production Support Manager/Senior Requirements Manager 
Promoted to Senior Requirements Manager developed and managed a team of 12 System Analysts who gathered and documented Business Requirements in a waterfall environment. Interfaced with IT to ensure requirements were prioritized and implemented.
Promoted to Program Manager of a complex infrastructure project involving cross-functional teams from inception to deployment. Conducted deep dive meetings to analysis projects that were either red or yellow. Establishing a mitigation plan to ensure quick resolution to green and back to schedule timeline success. This program utilized the waterfall methodology and included developing proposals, hiring of Business Analyst, evaluation, and development of personnel.
Promoted to Production Support Tier II Manager interviewed and hired 25 employees to support a customer base of 6,000 employees. Determined salaries based on job performance. Provided coaching to employees and mentoring, one-on-one guidance, motivation, and training. Conducted yearly reviews, evaluations and personnel development as needed. 
Promoted to Customer Relationship/Requirements Manager (CRM) for a $45 million National Account customer. Worked with the sales department to improve local and long distance sales by optimizing information shared by multiple customer service representatives, while streamlining manual processes to improve efficiency and quick to market launches. 
Supervisor III of 15 customer service representatives, resolved escalated customer issues, provided quality assurance monitoring, feedback and coaching to employees, wrote performance reviews, hired new employees and provided on the job training.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
Project Management Institute 
PMP Certification August 2005

Keller Management Graduate School, May 2005
Master of Project Management (MPM), Project Management,

Dallas Baptist University, May 2004
Master of Arts in Organizational Management (MAOM), Management, 

Dallas Baptist University, August 2002
Bachelor Business Studies (BBS), Business Administration

COMPUTER SKILLS
Methodologies: 	Agile, SCRUM, Waterfall and Rational Unified Process (RUP) 
Software Packages: 	Microsoft Office Suite (Access, Notes, Word, Excel, and Power Point), Microsoft Project, Lotus Notes, Test Director 7.5 and 9.0 (Quality Center), Outlook, PeopleSoft, Microsoft SharePoint, Clarity, Microsoft Project Server










  
    .NET
    .Net
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    approach
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    automate
  
  
    balance sheets
  
  
    Budget management
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    Business Analyst
    business analyst
    business analysis
  
  
    business process
    business processes
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    change management
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    Strong interpersonal skills
    communication skills
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    continuous improvement
  
  
    contract management
    contracts
  
  
    cost control
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    version control
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    financials
  
  
    financial management
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    gateway
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    HR
  
  
    IBM Mainframe
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    IT management
  
  
    JAVA
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Notes
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Access
  
  
    C-sharp
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    MS Project
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Works
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Network Management
  
  
    Network Engineering
    network engineering
  
  
    network security
  
  
    Network
  
  
    office manager
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    order entry
  
  
    organizing
    organizational
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    performance reviews
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    process improvement
    processes
  
  
    profit
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project design
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    Project Planning
    Project planning
    project planning
  
  
    Proposals
    proposals
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
    QA
  
  
    quick
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    requirements gathering
  
  
    risk assessment
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    RUP
    Rational Unified Process
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    SAP HR
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Service Level Agreements
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Supervisor III
  
  
    system analyst
  
  
    Test Director 7.5
  
  
    Tibco
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    Vendor Management
  
  
    vision
  
  
    workflow
  


