
VICTOR NORBERT C. DE LA ROSA
7-E Enrique Compound Kamagong st. San Antonio Abad
Maybunga, Pasig City/ 181 Km. 39 Mla. East Rd. Mahabang
Parang, Binangonan, Rizal, Philippines
Home Phone #: (02)826-45-32
Mobile #: +639062414408
E-mail Address: norbs.delarosa@gmail.com



OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position in your company with the sufficient experience, ability, skills and knowledge I have, to make this application worthy of your consideration.


EXPERIENCE
January 01 - October 31, 2009	 All Visual &amp; Lights Systems 
 ACC Corporate Center #187 E. Rodriguez Jr. Ave.
 					 Libis, Quezon City
					
 AV Systems Integration Project Engineer/ Team 
Leader
Specialized in designing Audio &amp; Video Systems.
Assigned in supervising/ monitoring teams during installation and scheduling of technicians/ teams. Work includes ocular inspection and coordination with clients and contractors; designing of customized brackets to be used in installation of HDTV's, projectors, video conference systems and powered speakers. Report daily to Immediate Head regarding the accomplishment of the on-going installations. Assists Account Manager's in Demo's of Audio/ Video Systems. Conducts training for clients/ end-users for the system installed. Meet the client's highest standards.

February 01 - December 31, 2008	 All Visual &amp; Lights Systems 
 ACC Corporate Center #187 E. Rodriguez Jr. Ave.
 					 Libis, Quezon City
					
 AV Systems Integration Team Leader
Assigned in supervising/ monitoring teams during installation and scheduling of technicians. Work includes ocular inspection and coordination with clients and contractors; designing of customized brackets to be used in installation of HDTV's, projectors, video conference systems and powered speakers. Report daily to Immediate Head regarding the accomplishment of the on-going installation. Assists Account Manager's in Demo's of Audio/ Video Systems. Conducts training for clients/end-users for the system installed. Meet the clients highest standards.

April 17, 2006-January 31, 2008	 All Visual &amp; Lights Systems 
 ACC Corporate Center #187 E. Rodriguez Jr. Ave.
 Libis, Quezon City
 
 AV Systems Integration Team Leader/ Installer/ 
 Field Techinician
Specialized in audio and video system installation, troubleshooting process, exterior/ visual inspection, 
Includes cable connections and possible causes of failures/ problems, includes troubleshooting &amp; repair of VGA cables and multimedia projectors. Installation of multimedia projectors  &amp; electrical wiring &amp; high resolution VGA cables, setup &amp; install powered sound system, paging system &amp; pipe-in sound system, CCTV cameras, HDTV's, Speech Laboratory, Video &amp; Audio Conferencing Systems, touch panel/ wireless control systems &amp; switchers. Act as a team leader who manages installation projects. Meet the clients highest standards.



April 11, 2005-December 31, 2005	Webcast Technologies, Inc.
					5/F RCPI Bayantel Bldg. 711 Edsa cor. 
New York St. Cubao, Quezon City
					
Technical Staff/Installer
Electronics technician for trackme &amp; secureme system. Install dinkum rover, black box, trackme fleet software &amp; the whole trackme monitoring system including chingpaq. Note down all problems encountered during the service of the units. Preparing reports if necessary concerning unsolved problems encountered during the service and submit to the service head. Strong relationship with managers and staff. Strictly follow the technical service procedures as implemented by the trackme service head. Conduct courteous and friendly relationship with clients. Act as a team leader who manages installation projects.

August 2- December 31, 2001	SM Appliance Center, Inc.
					Makati City 
					
Sales Utility Clerk
Assigned in assisting of Customers needs.


ON THE JOB TRAINING
February 3- July 9, 2004		International Business Machines 
					Solutions Delivery, Inc.
Brgy. Bagumbayan Libis Quezon  City

Field and Repair Engineer
Assigned in PC-POS functions by handling different kinds of IBM POS machines and its Peripherals; repairing POS printers, repairing and maintaining PC's and assisting to client calls.

March 20 - May 20, 2000		U-BIX Corporation
					Sucat Para&#241;aque City
					
Line Engineer
Assigned in repairing, assembling and maintaining of photocopying Machines.



March 16 - May 14, 1999		Mitsubishi Motors Philippines
					Ortigas Ave. Ext. Cainta, Rizal
					
Office Staff
Assigned in encoding company files in the computer and assisting in other office works



EDUCATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Don Bosco Technical College
736 Gen. Kalentong St. Mandaluyong City (1998-2004)
- Graduate, three-year Course Electronics Technology

Binangonan Catholic High School
Libid, Binangonan Rizal (1994-1998)
-Completed the Classical Secondary Course. High School Diploma Achieved.

Binangonan Elementary School
Dalig, Binangonan, Rizal (1992-1994)
-Completed Primary Course. Elementary Diploma Achieved.


PERSONAL DATA
Status: Single						Citizenship: Filipino
Date of Birth: 16th of June 1981			Place of Birth: Morong, Rizal
Religion: Roman Catholic				Status in the Family: Third (of nine)
Height: 5 ft. 7 in.					Weight: 135 lbs.
Father's name: Victoriano J. de la Rosa		Occupation: None
Mother's name: Ma. Luisa C. de la Rosa		Occupation: Teacher



SEMINARS ATTENDED

EPSON Philippines: Epson Product Specialist Training (August 20, 2010)
KRAMER Electronics: Basic Design of AV System (December 09, 2008)
All Visual &amp; Lights Systems: Systems Integration seminar (November &amp; December 2008)


















  
    Audio
    audio
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    C
  
  
    cables
    cable
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    designing
  
  
    electrical wiring
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    EPSON
    Epson
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    team leader
    Team 
Leader
  
  
    Ma
  
  
    office
  
  
    works
  
  
    Multimedia
    multimedia
  
  
    PC's
  
  
    Peripherals
  
  
    cameras
  
  
    POS
  
  
    printers
  
  
    repairs
    repairing
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    sound
  
  
    Speech
  
  
    supervising
  
  
    Systems Integration
  
  
    Teacher
  
  
    Technical Support
  
  
    technician
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Video
    video
  


