
Kristi M. Cline
774 W. Fairwinds St.
Hallettsville, TX 77964
(713) 623-3558

SUMMARY
Organized and highly motivated with experience in all aspects of sales, marketing and administrative support. Demonstrated skills in developing promotion programs, creating presentations, managing communications, and establishing process flow and procedures for improved operations. Excellent technical and interpersonal skills. Known as friendly, enthusiastic and energetic. 

EXPERIENCE

ECODYNE HEAT EXCHANGERS - Houston, TX 	June 2006 - June 2009
Aftermarket Parts Sales
Responsible for logging all new parts requests for quotation and generating quotes for customers.
Researched units drive and pump assemblies to verify and identify parts.
Entered sales orders and coordinated orders from entry to shipment.
Corresponded with all vendors to new product information and updated pricing.
Executive Assistant to the VP of Sales
Responsible for logging all new unit requests for quotation.
Answered and directed all incoming phone calls, managed calendar and travel requirements.
Prepared reports and presentations.
Wrote procedures for generating quotations and sales orders for the Sales Department.

SEASUPPLIER (Through Meador Staffing) - Houston TX 	September 2008 - May 2009
Project Coordinator
Responsible for creating and maintaining the project tasks log for a software launch and communicating due dates to all team members.
Created a log for inconsistencies in the GUI interface.
Checked each item in the log after implementation of new versions.
Tested the application prior to launch.

THE RODGERS GROUP - (Various long term and part-time positions) 	June 2002 - May 2008
Details available upon request.

NORTEL NETWORKS - Dallas, TX	1997-1999
Market Programs Specialist
Designed and developed professional marketing promotion programs for Enterprise Solutions business unit to present to Channel Partners sales teams and marketing managers to answer the most commonly asked questions about program benefits, rebates and implementation to enable consistency and quality in execution.
Coordinate web page design and development with Integrated Marketing Communications Prime and Web Business.
Established process for tracking program results to evaluate and compare program effectiveness.
Proposal Specialist
Designed and developed a boilerplate proposal for the sales and marketing team.
Customized the content and data applicability of all outgoing proposals for the sales and marketing team.
Established proposal process in compliance with ISO 9000 requirements.] which resulted in a passing rating from ISO review team.
Led the organization and follow-up of program proposal status reviews and sales opportunity reviews.
Marketing Assistant
Created product-marketing presentation using graphics and Power Point for customer meetings.
Coordinated travel arrangements for Marketing executives and managers.
Supported the Marketing Department of 25 people including the Vice President, 5 Directors and other marketing and engineering personnel.
Assembled marketing collateral packets for prospective customers.

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office, Word, PowerPoint and Excel, Adobe InDesign, Acrobat and Illustrator, Goldmine and Syteline 6 and 7

EDUCATION
Texas A&amp;M University - College Station, TX
Bachelor of Communications; Minor in Business Administration



  
    Acrobat
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    content
  
  
    Goldmine
  
  
    graphics
    GUI
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    Adobe InDesign
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    ISO 9000
  
  
    marketing
    product-marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    marketing collateral
  
  
    Marketing Communications
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
    Power Point
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Prime
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    proposals
    proposal
  
  
    quality
  
  
    researching
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    answering phones
    phone
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    web page design and development
  


