
COVER LETTER

01, August 2010

GIS Analyst

IRD-EQUALS

To Whom It May Concern!

I am writing with reference to your advertisement in the jobs.af Website for want of
Apply for the post of -Vacancy Number () I am young man of 25 years of age with active
habits and sound health and I consider that my credentials and interests match with your
requirement and want to apply for the same. Presently I am GIS Analyst in IRD Office USAID
Project EQUALS Program AIDC Unit (Afghanistan infrastructure Data Center) for the last one
year; in addition to that I have 4 years' experience in Geographic information System
(GIS) and Technology in different fields i.e. Map Designing, Data Analysis, Editing and
Installation etc. I have also good knowledge of Microsoft Operating Systems Such as Window
98, XP, 7 and so on also I have experience with Monitoring and Evaluation and the field of
Agriculture. I am also fond of designing web pages, business cards and presentations and
some other graphics using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dream weaver and Swish Max.

Although I am enjoying my present job, I am looking out for new opportunities in the same
field. 

I would like to take the opportunity to thank you in advance for taking the time to read
my resume. I should like to meet with you to discuss this opportunity further and can be
contacted at the below telephone number. I look forward to hearing from you soon. 


Best Regards,


|Amin Jan MOHAMMADI |GIS Analyst|
|USAID-EQUALS Program- | Kabul, Afghanistan | Cell: +93 798 019 085 | 
|International Relief &amp; Development, Inc. (IRD) | Natural Community Resource Team|
|AIDC| Afghanistan infrastructure Data Center|
|Email:ajan@ird-equals.org|||aminjan.mohammadi@gmail.com






Address: Kart-e-Now Estga-e- Sabiqa near to 
Abdul qadari jilani Mosque, Kabul - Afghanistan
Phone: 0798-019085
Email: aminjan.mohammadi@gmail.com

Amin Jan MOHAMMADI

CAREER STATEMENT:
	
To become member of a well-disciplined, dynamic and competent organization, where I could
prove myself an enthusiastic, outgoing, energetic career oriented, creative and self-
motivated person with strong communication interpersonal and analytical skills

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

	Father's Name:	           Mohammad Gul Shirzay
	Date of Birth:		           02 February 1984
	Place of Birth:		           Paktia Province, Afghanistan
	Marital Status:		           Married
            Health:                                   Perfect
	Nationality:		           Afghan

Work experience summary:-
Being a Agriculture, and Special Administration, I have worked full and part time with
many social and cultural organization, teacher in Hazrat Emam Azam high school, as an
Agronomist in DACAAR organization working as a Surveyor in MCPA organization working as a
GIS officer in MADERA International organization working as a GIS officer in Ministry of
Urban and development (MoUD) SDP (strategic development plan for Afghanistan project.
Working as an Agriculture Monitoring and Evaluation Officer in FLAG International
organization now working in USAID project IRD EQUALS Program GIS Analyst

WORK EXPERIENCE:

From 20/ 2009 to Jan 2010 working with Ministry of MoUD
   Ministry of urban Development 
           SDP (Strategic regional development Plan for Afghanistan) Project
         GIS Officer

Duties &amp; Responsibilities:-
8	All GIS cartographic maps activities.
8	Make Cartographic land use maps and existing maps
8	Digitization of Russian topographic maps.
8	Collect official and updated documents on villages, districts, provinces locations,
climate, and topography.
8	Create and edit Geodatabase annotation.
8	Create and edit geographic data.
8	Design presentation-quality maps.
8	Query and analyze GIS data.
8	Basic cartographic (Maps) design capability.
8	Proficiency with data management in Microsoft Excel and Access.
8	I ability to understand and integrate data into a GIS/Spatial environment with little
supervision
8	Scan and Geo_reference existing paper maps such as cad astral.
8	Maps topographical plans etc.
8	Produce vector parcel maps of selected provinces of Afghanistan.
8	Perform on - screen digitization of Geo-referenced satellite images or aerial pictures.
8	Working on preparing deferent types of maps TOPO maps, Vector 
Maps Satellite images maps or etc
8	Digitize digital picture data.

From 01 /July/2007 to Sep 22/ 2009 working with MADERA International 
    French Organization 
        GIS Officer 

Duties &amp; Responsibilities:-
8	Get a clear understanding of the activities that will be mapped through reading of
relevant documents (proposal, intermediate reports, MB, and meeting with staff involved in
the implementation.
8	Prepare terms of reference for each studies, to be approved by the Head of Evaluation
Unit.
8	Design questionnaires or reporting forms where required interviews with communities and
Madera field staff are described.
8	Identify needs for logistic and liaise with relevant logistic departments before
leaving to the field.
8	Identify cash needs and ask for an advance before leaving to the field.
8	Create and edit Geodatabase annotation.
8	Create and edit geographic data.
8	Design presentation-quality maps.
8	Developing Database in GIS program.
8	Making layers and Geo coordinating Maps.

2. Collecting required data from Kabul and the field (30%)

8	Implement the study according to the TOR.(Term of Reference)
8	Conduct field surveys and implement the questionnaire along with community leaders
and/or beneficiaries.
8	Collect lists of beneficiaries from field staffs and get a good understanding of the
project logic.
8	Collect project outputs and achievements from the Evaluation Unit.
8	Collect required accountancy documents (e.g. bills for car renting) to justify the
advance.
3. Processing collected data and produce computerized maps (50%)

8	Computerize hard copies of the lists of beneficiaries collected.
8	Organize the data in clear and careful databases, ready for publication.
8	Confirm with the head of evaluation the lists of maps that have to be produced.
8	Produce the maps and make a report on PowerPoint software.

MADERA Monitoring and Evaluation Unit Kabul

 Mission d'Aide au DIveloppement des )conomie Rural for Afghanistan
 Kabul + Provincial travel (Ghor, Eastern zone, Hazarajat and Herat) 
                               
 Based in Kabul, with some trips to the field (30%) in order to collect data
 Position in the organization chart: the GIS officer directly reports to the Head of
Evaluation Unit.
 He collects raw data and creates computerized maps (thematic, activities' outputs?)
Weekly number of working hours, time, and days of work: According to Madera internal   
regulations, the employee should work 2054 hours in the year, corresponding to an average
of 39, 5 hours for 52 workweeks. In Kabul office, working hours are adjusted according to
the season and shared over 5 days.

Travel: regular trips to the field (30%) in order to collect data from Madera field
staffs and benefiting communities 4. Improve the quality of raw maps (50%)

Main Duties &amp; Responsibilities:-
8	Collect official and updated documents on villages, districts, provinces locations,
climate, topography?
8	Make sure about the official belonging of villages to districts through discussions
with field staffs and official documents.
8	Ask where possible Madera field staff to take the GPS location (thuraya) of any visited
village or activity place.
8	Report on AIMS raw maps the corrections and build up a new mapping fund.
8	Making Provincial Maps.
8	Making Districts Maps.
8	Making Land Cover Maps.
8	Making Elevation (Physical) Maps.
8	Making Administrative Maps.
8	Digital picture of Afghanistan Naturals colors maps
8	Making Ethnics Maps.
8	Developing Database in GIS program.
8	Making layers and Geo coordinating Maps
8	Making Transportation Map
8	Making Political Maps
8	Making Population Map
8	Taking out the coordinates.
8	Making Climate Map
8	Ability to follow standardized procedures and work individually as well as part of a
greater team.
8	Basic cartographic (Map) design capability.
8	Proficiency with data management in Microsoft Excel and Access.
8	I ability to understand and integrate data into a GIS/Spatial environment with little
supervision.
8	Train staff in Global Positioning Systems (GPS) technology, field data collection,
survey design, and implementation.
8	Understanding of GPS field data collection practices (GARMIN) and the ability to train
non-technical staff infield data collection techniques.
8	Develop maps and related graphics for MADERA presentations and publications.
8	Assist the field engineers and M&amp;E Staff in their work by providing geographical and
spatial data on program activity locations.
8	Collect, manage, integrate and analyze field data.
8	Quality control on data collection and integration processes.
8	Basic map design and production for Infrastructure team.
8	Work closely with M&amp;E Officer and Database Officer.
8	Coordinate with the MADERA Home Office GIS Officer to evaluate new options for
reporting and mapping.
8	Analyses the Maps.
8	Making index for maps Excel, Access program, and GIS.
8	Adding and transfer GPS data in map.
8	Checking of monthly activities report in field, and Head of survey assistant.
8	Trainings GIS, GPS and MapSoure for all MADERA, PC's (Provincial Coordinators) and
IP's.
8	Wrote a complete books (English Language) GPS introduction or how Can we Use a GPS, how
can we takes tracks by GPS.
8	Wrote completes books about installation of MapSoure and how can we Transfer GPS data
to MapSoure or MapSoure to Arc Map.
8	Produce simple topographical plans of Afghan State-Owned Enterprises with ArcView9.2
8	import GPS data into ArcView9.2
8	Scan and Geo_reference existing paper maps such as cad astral.
8	Maps topographical plans etc.
8	Produce vector parcel maps of selected provinces of Afghanistan.
8	Perform on - screen digitization of Geo-referenced satellite images or aerial pictures.
8	Perform simple coordinate transformation operation.
8	Willing to travel throughout the country (subject to security clearance)
8	Classify and symbolize map data.
8	Label map features.
8	Query and analyze GIS data.
8	Access feature information in tables and control table display properties.
8	Add data from different sources to a Geodatabase.

?	 AS GIS OFFICER
8	Closely work with under country director, Head of M&amp;E Unit support GIS mapping
activities.
8	Prepare GIS database and maps for the Inspection by MADERA team.
8	Collect, process, analyze geographical information for the field, and produce maps and
reports.
8	MADERA Prepare of new roads GPS points and tracks of new road in Ghor and Wardak
Provinces
8	Collect and analyze information and produce maps requested by the MADERA team members
and stakeholders.
8	Regular update maps to MADERA ALL project website and disseminates maps to the
government counterpart and other stakeholder.
8	Prepare a set of Base Maps and develop GIS products for stakeholders on data provided.
8	Assist in all aspect related to GIS, special analysis, design GIS Projects and
completed more than four GIS projects.
8	Data collection, Digitization, and updating of shape files.
8	Develop, Maintain, Digitization, and GPS Data manipulation using ArcGIS 9.2 and Making
Layout for printing. 
8	Provide linkages of the data into GIS for spatial analysis and print out
8	Develop map for customer request provide timely outputs.
8	Capturing, storing, checking, integrating, manipulating, analyzing and displaying data
related to positions data receiving from costumer for customize maps and print out. 
8	Create GIS dataset, coordinate string, sketches, and database quarries.  
8	Provide technical support to all GIS software users in Kabul concerning installation,
or other problem occur while using software and maintenance. 
8	Very good know of database.
8	PHDP First-term and Mid-term survey for GPFA (global partnerships for Afghanistan)
organization in Wardak, Logar, and Paktia Provinces. 
8	Impact survey for Madera in Ghor Province.
8	MAE survey for Madera in Kunar and Laghman provinces.
8	I Designed Madera 5-Target Provinces Administrative, administrative and Elevation, Land
Cover, Activities and only Elevation Maps.
8	Security Maps of MADERA 5 target Provinces.
8	I updated Kunar, Laghman, Nooristan, Wardak, and Ghor, Provinces districts and
Provinces new Borders.
8	Moreover, I add new districts of Kunar, Nooristan, and Ghor Provinces.
8	Check and corrects all Settlements, districts and Provinces name spilling. 
8	I have made for MADERA some activities maps of Wardak, Kunar, Laghman, Nooristan, and
Ghor Provinces these activities maps I updated every after 3 months.
8	I providing some others maps for ECHO 19, 21, 22, 23, 24, PHDP, MAE, Geres, WFP, UN
habitat projects.
8	I have made MADERA 5-target provinces surrounding Provinces for security information
and for main Road of provinces.(Transportation)
8	After survey, I found all MADERA 5-target Provinces activities (Animal health,
Agriculture, Horticulture NSP, Handicraft, Forestry, PSH, Association, Civil Engineering,
Microfinance and Clinic) all villages' location on the maps and GPS coordinates.
8	Found Zonification area of Taywara and pasaband districts in Ghor Province in 18 days.
8	Found Zonification area of Behsud I and Behsud II districts in Wardak Province in 13
days.
8	Found all Mantiqa area of Taywara and pasaband districts in 30 days.
8	After survey I designed others maps of Taywara and Pasband districts (percentage of
different local peoples) example Hazara, Tajik, Pashtoon, Kuchies, and some local peoples
&amp; so on. 
8	Found GPS location of MADERA 5- target provinces main bazaar, Secondary bazaar, Madera
offices, district center, and Province Center.
8	After survey I Designed ethnics maps of Kunar, Laghman, and Nooristan province example
good location of Pashai, Tajak, Uzbak, Pashtoon, Kuchies, Turkman and so on.
8	I designed these all maps for MADERA Monitoring and Evaluation Unit. Head of Monitoring
&amp; Evaluation Unit Patixi ELECHIRY he is from French.
8	Maps showing cumulative projects in one area (i.e., ECHO 19, ECHO 22, ECHO 23 and CI2A
projects in Ghor)
8	Additional technical or non-technical responsibilities and duties assigned by the Head
of M&amp;E and Country director of MADERA, Afghanistan.
8	Computerizing of Both general survey maps location and technical survey minefield maps
in Mapmaker.
8	Data entry of general survey, technical survey, and monthly clearance progress, 
8	Google Earth to show in the MADERA that anyone can use it from world any information by
Google Maps and Google Earth.
8	Working on preparing deferent types of maps TOPO maps, Vector 
Maps Satellite images maps or etc.

From Oct 2006----to----Jun 2007 working with DACAAR Organization Agronomist      
     Danish Committee for Aid to Afghan Refugees (DACAAR), Paktia, Zazi Aryub

Duties &amp; Responsibilities:-
8	Training of expert farmers in grafting, seed mortification compost or establish of
nurseries.
8	Production of improve seed by farmers.
8	Practical work with extension worker and farmer in field.
8	Holdings field day of farmers and non-fruit nurseries.
8	Training of expert farmer how can we design a gardens?
8	Establishment of, Vegetable Fruit, and non-fruit Nurseries.   
8	Prepare garden soil for planting as required. 
8	Plant flowers and other plants in the garden.
8	Report to the senior agronomist.
8	To work for agricultural and base line survey.
8	To follow the criteria of project for beneficiaries selection.
8	 To organize farmers in order to work collectively under the umbrella of agri-tool
bank.
8	Assist in developing the annual and project cycle plan.
8	To conduct research trails in the area and collect data.
8	 Keeping good relation with farmers' communities and allocate appropriate seeds to the
proper locations.
8	Work as agriculture extension worker



ACADEMIC:

1. Baccalaureate            Altaqwa High School, Peshawar, Pakistan
                                       Major Field:	                             Science
                                       Date:                                        2001


2. Bachelor of Science (BSc): in Agriculture Shaikh Zayed University Khost Afghanistan
2006 
                                     Major Field:	                            Agronomy	
                                           Expected Date:                         2006


TRAINING AND FACILITATION EXPERIENCE:

8	Election and Democracy
8	Political Campaign
8	Campaign Organization, Structure and Planning.
8	Constitution, Laws, and regulation.
8	Candidate Selection



OTHER RELEVANT WORKSHOPS: 

Workshop: - from FLAG international &amp; DAI    
8	Courses are :- 
8	Horticulture
8	Irrigation
8	Community Forestry 
8	Livestock
8	Extension 
8	Communication Methods

Workshop: - from FLAG international 
8	Workshop are:-
8	Drip Irrigation 
8	Soil testing 
8	Horticulture

Workshop: - from DACAAR
8	Workshop are:
8	Nursery 
8	Seed improvement
8	Rangeland creation
8	Livestock care
8	High tunnel

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
8	Windows 98/2000/XP.
8	Composing in Urdu, Pashto, Dari, Arabic and English in Computer
8	Designing 
8	Photographic
8	Drawing
8	HF/VHF Radio
8	Typing letters
8	Using internet
8	Using digital Camera
8	Photo Copy Machine.
8	Operating Printer.
8	Operating telephone system.
8	Binding machine
8	Satellite complete 
8	GPS Complete
8	Windows 98/2000/XP.
8	Composing in Urdu, Pashto, Dari, Arabic and English in Computer
8	Designing 
8	Photographic
8	Drawing
8	HF/VHF Radio
8	Typing letters
8	Using internet
8	Using digital Camera
8	Photo Copy Machine.
8	Operating Printer.
8	Operating telephone system.
8	Binding machine
8	Satellite complete 
8	GPS Complete




COMPUTER SKILLS
8	Certificate in Computer Science from Khost Computer Institute 
8	MS Office 9x/2000/XP (Access, Excel, FrontPage, PowerPoint, MS Project, Publisher,
Word)
8	Corel Draw, Ulead Video Studio 10, Adopt, Photo Shop, in page 2000, Word Perfect, Asia
Soft, and Internet.
8	GIS Software (Arc View, 3.x,)
8	A = Hardware
8	Certificates in GIS (Geographic Information System) from AIMS Organization.
8	Arc view 3.2.
8	Arc GIS versions 8.2 _ 9.1 _ 9.2._9.3_now we are use Arc Map 10 version
8	Arc view, Arc editor, and Arc info Global Mapper, Arc Glob
8	Arc Map.
8	Arc Cata log.
8	Map Source.
8	Arc Toolbox.
8	Operation of GPS.
8	Digitizing and mapping for multi purposes.
8	Transfer GPS Data to Map source after that transfer to map.
8	 Completes installation of Arc GIS 3.2 _ 9.0 _ 9.1 _ 9.2 - 9.3 and 10

LANGUAGES:
			Speaking	Writing		Reading	Understanding
8	Dari:		Excellent	Excellent	Excellent	Excellent
8	Pashto:	Excellent	Excellent	Excellent	Excellent
8	English:	V.good  	Excellent	Excellent	Excellent


HEALTH STATUS:

I am in good health condition with no physical disability or deformity, able to undertake
field   activities and travel extensively by road and air without any problem. I am 25
years old and have loud sound. I have familiarity or understanding about various provinces
and districts of Afghanistan. I traveled to about 40% territory of Afghanistan by road and
air and so on.


SPECIAL ACTIVATES, INTEREST AND HOBBIES:
!	Like recite every morning and in free time Al Quran-e-Majeed 
!	Reading Plant, Soil, Forestry, and agriculture related informative books.
!	Keen interest to work in GIS and convert all agriculture related area to GIS.
!	Playing Valley Ball. 
!	Watching Classic, Tragedy and Modern movies











PERERENCE 
5	Shahzad ARYUBEE
  Program Manager                                   	                       
              Central Asia Development Group (CADG)
              Kabul / Afghanistan                                                    
              Mobile: 0093(0) 795587315 
                         : 0093(0) 786 466268                                        
       Email: shahzad@central-asia.net

5	 Neakmal Zazai
 Functional Team Member
 ASYCUDA National Project
 (Automated System for Customs Data)
 Kabul Jalalabad Road // Afghanistan
 Mobile# : +93(0) 700 780415 
                        : +93(0)786 780415)
 Email: nneakmal@gmail.com

5	 Abdul Razaq Niazi
   GIS Manager
               USAID HELS II Program (IRD)
               Kabul / Afghanistan 
               Mobile: +93 (0) 93-795101023               
               Email: arazaq@ird-hrls.org



  
    .net
  
  
    accountancy
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    Photo
  
  
    Photo Shop
  
  
    AIMS
  
  
    Arabic
  
  
    Arc view 3.2
    Arc View
    ArcView9.2
    Arc View 9.2
  
  
    Ask
    ask
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    book
    Book
  
  
    budget
  
  
    bi
  
  
    cad
  
  
    com
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    Corel Draw
  
  
    Danish
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    Data entry
  
  
    data management
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    digital Camera
  
  
    edit
    editor
  
  
    Email
  
  
    English
  
  
    forms
  
  
    French
  
  
    FrontPage
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    GIS 3.2
    GIS
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    graphic design
    Drawing
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    Home Office
  
  
    IP
  
  
    LANGUAGES
  
  
    letters
  
  
    lighting
  
  
    local Government
  
  
    logic
  
  
    Director
    director
  
  
    Mapper
    mapper v
  
  
    MB
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office 9
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    2000
  
  
    3.x
  
  
    Windows 98
  
  
    Word
  
  
    works
  
  
    navigation
  
  
    page
  
  
    PC's
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Copy Machine
  
  
    photography
    Photographer
    camera
    cameras
  
  
    police
  
  
    Positioning
    positioning
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Printer
  
  
    processes
  
  
    progress
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    Speaking
  
  
    publications
    publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality control
  
  
    Radio
  
  
    Reading
    reading
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    Russian
  
  
    Strategic
  
  
    supervisor
    Supervising
    supervision
  
  
    survey design
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Transmission
    transmission
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    Typing
  
  
    Urdu
  
  
    VHF
  
  
    Video
  
  
    view
  
  
    Word Perfect
  


