
COLLEEN E. KELLY
40A Orchardhill Road	
Boston, MA 02130	cekelly09@gmail.com
Phone 617.901.7173
	


SENIOR SALES &amp; BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
Strategic &amp; Tactical Leadership / Sales Management / High-Growth Corporations
Healthcare, Sustainable Energy, Biotechnology, Information Technology

More than 20 years of experience driving double-digit revenue growth for start-up, turnaround, high-growth, and multinational organizations. Combines expert strategic planning and business planning skills with consistent success in outperforming competition and delivering sustainable revenue, market, and profit growth. Dynamic presentation, public speaking, and negotiation skills. Expert performance in C-level presentations, negotiations and sale closings. Core competencies include:

Executive Sales /	 Product Development / Business Development / Market Analysis/ Presentations / Negotiations / Consulting 
Sales Forecasting / Client Relations / Account Management / Territory Management / Sales Cycle Management
	
Highly-Successful in Building Long-Term Lucrative Relationships and Penetrating New Markets
Proven Track-Record of Consistently Exceeding Sales Quotas &amp; Outperforming Competition
Won Multiple Sales Awards &amp; Achievements / Expert Negotiator &amp; Closer 
Fortune 500 Clients
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

MERCER, Boston, Massachusetts 	2007 to 2011
Global leader in HR and related financial advice, products, and services; subsidiary of Marsh &amp; McLennan since 2002.

Principal / Business Development Executive
Recruited to target companies and develop business in the dormant New England region. Sold software as a service (SAAS) tools and consulting solutions that helped organizations improve productivity, increase profits, and optimize performance. Independently managed complex, high-dollar pipeline development process from initial client consultation through all phases of pricing and negotiation to final sales closing. Personally managed all key account relationships.

Built and maintained collaborative relationships with internal partners and C-level &amp; VP-level external stakeholders to deliver strategic solutions. Exceeded sales objectives by 15% in the New England region during severe economic recession; the most successful region in the country.
Persuaded Royal Ahold to make an initial $50k investment in SAAS tools; subsequently upsold the account to include ongoing consulting services projected to add $1M per year in additional revenue.
Rebuilt new business pipeline in the territory from zero to $10M within only 3 years; saved several at-risk accounts including Analog Devices and Phillips.
Achieved 150% of sales goal ($6.7M in revenue) from 2008 through 2010 by targeting and closing major accounts including TJX and National Grid.

COLLEEN E. KELLY										PAGE 2


FORRESTER RESEARCH, Cambridge, Massachusetts	1999 to 2002
Independent technology &amp; market research company that provides pragmatic advice to global business leaders.

Senior Account Executive
Recruited by Executive Team to cultivate relationships and close new business with C-level executives. Sold strategic Internet &amp; IT Research/Consulting Services to companies (all sizes) in Northern CA, NY &amp; Canada. Performed full range of sales prospecting, needs assessment, data gathering, and presentation to Director and C-level executives at Fortune 1000 companies. Personally managed all key account relationships.

Negotiated and closed $2.8 million in 12 months and earned "Best of the Best Award". 
Consistently exceeded sales quotas and achieved 221% of targeted goal. Awarded "President's Club" membership in 2000.
Successfully motivated &amp; mentored sales team to significantly improve performance &amp; increase earnings. 
Leveraged senior executive client relationships to develop high-level research and consulting services. 
-Honored as "Top Account Executive of the Year" (out of 250 salespeople) in 2002.

CSC RESEARCH SERVICES, Cambridge, Massachusetts 	1997 to 1999
Division of CSC - Provides IT Management research &amp; advisory services &amp; events to CIOs and senior business executives.
 
Regional Manager
Successfully developed business processes and research/advisory strategies targeting C-level and Board-level IT executives in the NY Metro, Missouri, and Kansas territories (newly created position). Successfully sold Intellectual Property, including IT Best Practices research and Advisory Services. Challenged with penetrating new markets to drive sales and long-term revenue growth.

Consistently achieved and surpassed revenue and profit objectives. Delivered outstanding results:
-Generated $850K in first year, averaging $75k per deal. Achieved #1 IT research sales ranking.
-Landed, developed, and managed 25 key accounts in 24 months.
-Trained, &amp; mentored new hires &amp; internal personnel to effectively service elite prospects and clients.
	
PREVIOUS PROFESSIONIAL EXPERIENCE: 
	
Team Leader / Sales Representative - BLUE CROSS/BLUE SHIELD, Boston, MA (1996 to 1997)
	Led sales team that exceeded monthly quotas by an average of 300%.	
EDUCATION &amp; PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:

BS - Business				EMMANUEL COLLEGE, Boston, MA
(Magna cum Laude)					

Certified Executive Coach 		COACHES TRAINING INSTITUTE, San Rafael, CA

Bosworth Solution Selling; 3M Consultative Sales Training; Dale Carnegie "How to Win Friends and Influence People"; Strategic Coach Entrepreneurial Program

Health and Welfare Insurance License, State of Massachusetts

PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS:

Member				Womenade of Boston 
Member				International Coaching Federation
Member				Boston Chamber of Commerce
Member				Human Resource Leadership Forum



  
    business processes
  
  
    business solutions
  
  
    C
  
  
    closing
  
  
    Coach
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    CA
  
  
    consultation
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Executive Coaching
  
  
    financial
  
  
    HR
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    IT Management
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    market research
  
  
    market
  
  
    Win
  
  
    2000
  
  
    needs assessment
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Sales Training
  
  
    Strategic
    strategic
  


