
FRANK SOWIN	PAGE 2

FRANK J. SOWIN

(M) 408.836.9016  	fsowin@gmail.com

CMO and VP Marketing, Cloud PaaS, Software and SaaS

Marketing executive focused on customer and sales enablement leading teams in product management, product marketing, AR, PR and corporate marketing for PaaS, SaaS and software solutions. Scope: iSolutions Marketing, Web Services, cloud software including creating, launching and measuring internet marketing programs through internet marketing channels including SEM/SEO, performance media, display, affiliates and social media 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CloudPlace, IBM STG, Cloud Solutions Marketing Manager 		     			2009 - 2010
Content management for virtualization solutions marketing product positioning, messaging while leading early stage market sizing, building the business for take-up, early customer sales and success stories.  
Product marketing with virtualization and eco-system partners, system integrators for enterprise ISV solutions from VMware, IBM software, Symantec, Oracle, Microsoft, SAP and SI's G-T-M
Developed long-term cloud IP product, solutions marketing &amp; ISV plans aligned with business strategy and direction enabling sellers and channel via leading SEM, web metrics &amp; dashboard.
Managed strategic alliance marketing and member of storage corporate marketing leadership teams managing detailed operational programs and budgets on 12-month basis
Partner with Corporate Marketing, solution partners and ISV strategic alliance management to drive attainment of financial plans and goals via program development and ROI enablement. 

SOWIN Resources, CEO and Principal	2008-2009; 2002, 2011
Business development, corporate and product marketing consultancy focusing on virtualization, cloud, software and SaaS segments for go-to-market (GTM) marketing, strategic alliances for B2B and SaaS services and solutions. Focus on demand gen, customer acquisition and revenue. Engagements leverage datacenter expertise in virtualization, cloud infrastructure, networking and software focused sales enablement, business development, demand generation and GTM planning and execution.

HITACHI DATA SYSTEMS, Cloud Product Management 	2004-2008
Led Product Line Management and marketing of software pricing, positioning and messaging. Directed product management including both software and hardware go-to-market strategy of enterprise software, cloud platform and networking.  Managed ISV alliances and business development.  Directed cross-functional teams including: 
Directed 2 new product line launches now contributing over $100MM/year in revenue (from zero) datacenter. Awarded 3 "Hats-off Awards" for outstanding performance
Guided IDC's creation of new product category: storage virtualization to cloud and internal enterprise Go-to-market (GTM)
Services platforms including roadmap ownership, cross-channel marketing and email marketing campaigns for value-added services

NETAPP, Senior Director, Enterprise Services Marketing	2003-2004
Led global team services marketing with focus on enterprise services, software and IP services.
Led call-home solution. Developed segmentation, platform roadmap and launched enterprise services strategy for go-to-market plan. Developed IP storage solutions and field enablement.

EMC, Sr. Director Product Marketing, Cloud/SP Marketing &amp; Bus. Development  1998 - 2001
Led product and corporate marketing (formerly Legato Systems) and was promoted to lead cloud platform solutions business unit and SaaS solutions line-of-business.  Directed development of go-to-market strategy for online, on-demand cloud platform solutions growing revenue grew 10-fold.  
Senior Director of Corporate Marketing and Cloud Service Provider LOB 
Led company re-launch &amp; customer campaigns to grow revenue 70%+/year. Legato expanded the solution-set by two-fold, growing revenue from $150MM to $550MM. Accelerated profits four fold as market share grew 50%. Developed business plan and implemented storage solutions
Led global PMM, solutions and branding teams. Developed and implemented corporate messaging strategy integrating multiple product lines of 3 acquired companies. Result: Launched the "Legato Continuum" solutions positioning and messaging corporate strategy for all stakeholders
Led product marketing of solutions at Legato Systems.  Led corporate and product marketing of software platform producing 70% of total sales.  Result: solutions business sales grew 220%

H P Communications Div., Director, Cloud and Telecom Product Marketing       1996 - 1998 
Led product marketing teams in LOB (that grew from $325MM to $475MM) in 2-years with new products (including services) which contributed over 90% of total business unit revenues.  Managed ISV platform partner team and API program targeted to service providers/telecom.  Led launch of new IP wireless platform solutions offering a HA, scalable platform focusing on wireless and network solutions. Managed global product marketing, outbound marketing, and internet solutions. Led two cloud platform launches with Compaq. Managed global-cross channel interactive marketing.

Bay Networks, (formerly Performance Tech) V.P. Marketing			     1992 - 1993
Started as consultant and joined to lead marketing including corporate marketing, product marketing, AR, PR and PM with ownership of product line road map and GTM marketing execution.  Led engineer team to aid PC Magazine editorials and software User Interface (UI) definition development lead repositioning software with enhanced UI beating out Microsoft. Result: We won the PC Editor's Choice Award.  The company was acquired by Bay Networks subsequently.

DELL, Director Services Marketing and Product Marketing		     	      1989 - 1992
Director in Dell's sales growth from $250MM to $3.2B expansion of software services and product brands of a value and performance product LOB's.   Led services storage LOB representing over 40% of total revenue managed platform roadmap, marketing and service contract renewal sales.
Interactive marketing of Dell services platforms including roadmap ownership, cross-channel marketing and email marketing campaigns for value-added services
Led and owned Go-to-market strategy and execution to enterprise segment introducing profitable new revenue services.  Increased businesses revenue 70% while managing $100MM LOB. Developed enterprise services for corporate customers. .   
Awarded "Dell Marcom Achievement Award" as Dell's first Product Manager and product marketing managed Dell's entire storage and services product line.

EDUCATION
  	M.B.A., Marketing and Finance (cum laude)		University of Houston, Houston, TX
Bachelor of Arts, Economics			University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA  




























  
    API
  
  
    AR
  
  
    automation
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    Bay Networks
  
  
    branding
  
  
    budgets
  
  
    Business development
    business development
  
  
    business plan
  
  
    business strategy
  
  
    Compaq
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    consultant
  
  
    Content management
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    direction
  
  
    eCommerce
  
  
    Editor
  
  
    email
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Focus
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    IBM software
  
  
    IP
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Legato
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Marcom
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Product Marketing
    Product marketing
    product marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    marketing communications
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
    networking
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    PR
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Product Manager
    product management
  
  
    producing
  
  
    program development
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    stories
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    strategic alliances
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    Telecom
    telecom
  
  
    User Interface
  


