
Randy Walton



Randy Walton
6416 Ansley Falls Drive 827 Charlotte, North Carolina 28217  (678) 570-5084  futurerw9406@yahoo.com


Profile 	
Technology savvy IT professional with proven strategic skills that have been implemented to improve business functionality with positive outcomes as the bottom line.  Possess exceptional communication and organizational skills, decision making, and leadership qualities for daily function.  A self starter able to adapt at moving into new environments and expound on existing knowledge and experience to quickly adapt to new technologies fluently.  
Skills Summary 	
Eleven years of experience working with all aspects of facility developed systems for Premier, Emory University, and Emory Hospital.
Expertise in network analysis, design, implementation, and support.  Outstanding analytical, interpersonal, training, and presentation skills.  Gross understanding of technology with focus on delivering business solutions.
Proven leadership skills during facility technical crisis.  Great understanding of healthcare clinical applications.  Superb testing strategies.  

Professional Experience 	
EMORY UNIVERSITY
2000-2008 Technical Support Specialists II 
Network and technical support for Emory University and Affiliates (12,000 + Faculty, Staff, &amp; Students).  
Formally held position as Assistant Supervisor Computer Support Center.
Ran CMS reports on the Avaya call tracking system. 
Reporting: Monthly, weekly, daily and individual performance.  Reduced FTE from (8 to 4).  
Tier I, II, and III network, hardware and software problem resolution.  
Supervised the University clean room.  Managed student workers, developed step-by-step on how to clean infected laptops / desktops.  
Created accounts/ sponsorships through Access Inquiry Name Query (AINQ) and IBM Mainframe (Host Explorer).  
Trained faculty and staff on Emory Listserv distribution system. 
Worked on the Exchange project.  Moved users from UNIX (Eagle) accounts to Exchange 2003 and then to Exchange 2007.  
Worked in conjunction with Local Support to create best practices for end users in multiple departments across campus and in the hospital organization.  
Revised and implemented department service level agreement programs.  
Created and implemented the Crisis Manager Role.  Served as point of contact for system outages / service interruptions.  
Served on the Annual Freshman Committee.  Coordinated the setup for configuration of desktops and laptops for incoming freshmen class.    

Technical Proficiencies: 	
Platform: Knowledge of all PC platforms, Mac, DOS, UNIX, Windows Mobile, Laptops, Workstations and Servers, Network Cards, Memory, Printers, and other peripherals.  
Networking: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, Wireless Network, VPN, Routers, and Gateways.
Tools/Software: Web Browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera), VNC, Remote Desktop, Firstclass Email Server, Expert - Office Suite, Exchange 2003 &amp; 2007, Adobe Creative, Listserv, Telnet and SSH, Server Administrator, Some SQL/Access, McAfee, Norton 
Certifications: Certified CompTIA A+, Exchange Training, ITIL Training and Microsoft Excel Training, Healthcare Application Training.  

Education 	
Strayer university
Charlotte, NC
Masters of Health Service Administration
September 2011. Summa Cum Laude.

North Carolina Agricultural &amp; technical State University
Greensboro, NC
Bachelors of Science, Marketing
May 1996.


6416 Ansley Falls 826  Charlotte, NC 28217  (678) 570-5084  futurerw9406@yahoo.com  



  
    A+
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    BI
    Business Intelligence
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    desktops
  
  
    DOS
  
  
    Email
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    Gateways
  
  
    IBM Mainframe
  
  
    Explorer
    Internet Explorer
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Laptops
    laptops
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    McAfee
  
  
    Memory
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Office Suite
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Network Cards
  
  
    Network
    network
    Networking
  
  
    Norton
  
  
    PC platforms
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    PR
  
  
    Printers
  
  
    problem resolution
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    Real Time
  
  
    Reporter
    Reporting
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    service level agreement
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    SSH
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    Telnet
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    Web Browsers
  


