
Summary 
Seasoned design veteran (Excite, AOL, PayPal, Intuit) who knows how to bring a product to market.
Excellent project leader and team motivator. 
Collaborate with project managers, product managers, QA, engineering, across the country and around the world to ensure that products are compelling to users. 
Expertise in the tools of the trade but a huge advocate for getting things done on "pencil and paper" first. 
Able to balance the user experience, business case, and time-to-market issues. 
Skilled in working with various team processes, including Agile.
Able to generate a wake of innovative ideas and new potential projects. 
Passionate, energetic, and results oriented.

Experience
VeriSign								         	August 2009 - February 2010
UX lead and interaction designer
Team lead and interaction designer for VeriSign Certificate Center Enterprise, part of the Business Authentication Services that is worth over $100 million with 4 million SSL certificates issued for 90% of top 50 retailers.
Drive user requirements, designs, prototypes, and specs that enable the launch of new VeriSign Certificate Center Enterprise product services to differentiate VeriSign from the competition.
Lead cross functional and geographically distributed team focused on VeriSign Certificate Center Enterprise and at the same time creating better team collaboration, increased quality, as well as accountability.
Develop and implement management processes that track and resolve project priorities to ensure success and consistent communication.
Raise visibility and awareness of User Experience department through events and interactions.
Author design guidelines to make a more consistent and predictable user experience while reducing production time/cost and putting the best foot forward for the user experience.
Increase customer loyalty ranking and improve product usability by conducting usability testing on emerging user experiences.

Intuit 								         		 October 2006 - August 2009
XD Manager for Small Business Division
August 2008 - August 2009
Intuit is a staple of small businesses, with a widespread presence that's second to none and revenue that tops $3 billion. Lead a design team working on multiple complex projects for Intuit's Small Business Division.
XD lead and release point of contact for QuickBooks, a $164 million business.
Help teams overcome conflicting priorities, make timely, effective decisions while focusing on the critical few initiatives that make an impact for the business. 
Actively build relationships within the organization before they are needed. 
Provide design direction to achieve more successful outcomes for 55 new QuickBooks features. 
Evaluate, hire, and manage design contractors to ensure a unified and easy-to-use experience for Cash Register Plus and QuickBooks Mac $14 million market.
Mentor junior designer on her design approach, design solutions, and techniques.
Design lead for projects within Intuit's Small Business Division.
Responsible for defining the user experience through UI requirements, flows, sketches, wireframes, and functional specs.
Collaborate with PM's, QA, engineers, and visual designers in Mountain View and India to deliver a exceptional user experience for QuickBooks 4 million users. 
Drive customer research and feedback ensuring a usable product. 
Create and develop "unstructured time" project Matchme, winning Innovation forum's honorable mention and garnering leadership's attention.

XD Team Lead for Small Business Division 
February 2008 - August 2008
Headed a team of Experience Designers and Researchers to define Shop, Buy, and Use experiences that delight our customers for: In Product Discovery, Quicken Coupons Center, Cash Register Plus.
Collaborated across functional areas and segments to promulgate a strong vision for user experience.
Guided the XD team and work in partnership with key stakeholders to ensure a good match between design processes/methodologies and development processes.
Provided design direction to team members to ensure delivery of high quality user experiences. 
Fostered the Intuit XD Community through organizing activities, giving brown bags, and sharing knowledge via the XD blog.
Stepped up and took on the responsibility of coaching employees to provide them with support and leadership.
Designed user experiences for Intuit's Small Business Division.
Conducted competitive analysis to build domain knowledge and discover best practices that factored into strategic plan.
Collaborated closely with product manager and business leadership to define requirements and the overall product vision.
Produced concepts and sketches to demonstrate product vision and then worked with 3rd party to bring the product to l
Proactively lead XD wide brainstorm session for design for delight competition, resulting in 2 patents and competition winner.

Sr. User Experience Designer for Payroll
October 2006 - February 2008
Designed user experiences for Intuit's Payroll Division that has revenue of $158 million.
Created end to end customer experience for getting users "set up" and using the product.
Drove design research and iterated designs based on frequent customer feedback.
Presented concepts to internal payroll tax experts to obtain feedback and get buy in.
Improved user experience through multiple (agile) iterations.
Developed and drove Intuit wide XD internship program which brought in top talent and cultivated relationships with key universities.
Used "unstructured time" to design a Facebook game which drove QuickBooks downloads (120,000 users within 60 days).

PayPal 							      		      April 2005 - October 2006
Manager of UI Design
PayPal is a leader in online payments with over 75 million accounts worldwide. Directed a diverse team of designers for several areas of the service: company risk/fraud, protection (buyers &amp; seller) programs, agent tools, and financial instruments. 
Managed various grade level UI Designers and provide design direction to deliver high quality detailed specifications while ensuring functional consistency across products or components. 
Established and evangelized a UCD methodology that was used to enhance the efficiency, quality of agent-customer, and agent-tool interactions through the use of contextual inquiry and personas while showing recent ROI gains.
Created an Innovation Process that captures new ideas/enhancements in order to drive a world-class user experience. 

America Online (AOL) 				           		           November 1999 - March 2005
Sr. UI Designer | Principal UI Designer | Manager
AOL best known for its online software suite allowed millions of customers around the world to access the world's largest "walled garden" online community and eventually its network of Web properties/products. 
Led and directed multi-disciplinary design teams in the conception, design, and delivery of user experiences for various AOL and Time Warner offerings including:
Entertainment division which reaches 16 million users through - Radio@aol, Video@ 3.0, AOL Media Player, Member storage, Digital media store. 
Web search for Netscape and CompuServe.
You've Got Pictures which gave millions of AOL users direct access to their pictures throughout the client and on the web.
Shop@AOL which integrated 100's of merchant partners merchandise into one shopping experience and deployed on AOL, Netscape, and CompuServe.
Created concepts, designs, task analysis, conceptual models, flows, nav maps, mockups, and interaction specifications for AOL's offerings.
Developed UI strategies that enabled interfaces to be extensible to Time Warner Properties.
Established UCD process for product inception, creation, and execution.

Excite / Excite@Home 				      		      February 1998 - November 1999
Sr. Web Designer

Silicon Graphics Inc (SGI) 		          		    		    December 1995 - November 1997
Graphic Artist/Web Designer

Animated Systems &amp; Designs 		         	   		   September 1995 - December 1995 
Graphic Artist

The Learning Company 			        	  		  September 1994 - September 1995
Graphic Artist / Assistant Animator

Education 
San Jose State University 
BS, Illustration / Graphic design, 1989 -1994
 
Academy of Art College 
Illustration

Honors and Awards 
Submissions for IXDA 2009 and UPA 2009 on Design Thinking
Workshop Organizer: Best Practices and Future Visions for Search User Interfaces, CHI 2003 
Published paper: Utilizing a user context to improve search results, CHI 2003 
Guest speaker at SJSU MIS Club 2002 
Panelist - UC Berkeley: Career Options for Liberal Arts Majors, Spring 2001 

Patents
Method and System for Integrated Online Shopping #09/975,831, filed 02/27/09  
Method and Apparatus for Providing A Shopping List Service Method, filed 2009
System for Providing Portable Shopping Information, filed 02/27/09  
Internet Reputation Manager, 2/362,117, filing 01/29/09 
System and Method for Managing a Wait List, 12/395,543, filed 02/27/09  

Portfolio / Samples
http://designjedi.wordpress.com/portfolio/



  
    photo
  
  
    agile
  
  
    AOL
    aol
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Cash Register
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    competitive analysis
  
  
    CompuServe
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    features
  
  
    financial
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Innovation
  
  
    leadership
    Team Lead
    Team lead
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    market
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    access
  
  
    Netscape
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    processes
  
  
    product manager
  
  
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    express
  
  
    QuickBooks
    QuickBooks 4
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    Radio
  
  
    research
  
  
    SSL
  
  
    stories
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    task analysis
  
  
    tax
  
  
    tops
  
  
    usability testing
  
  
    Video
  
  
    View
  
  
    vision
  
  
    websites
  
  
    Author
  


