
JOANNE NGUYEN
San Jose, CA
408-644-1503 (jn33us@yahoo.com)

Summary:
Well hands-on manager and senior analyst with strong team-building skills that had helped to generate more than 40 million in annually revenue with over 60 percent profit margin for previous employer.
Dedicated, hard-working product management professional commits to deliver quality and best practices experiences for full product development lifecycle while supporting sales, marketing and product operations activities.
Strong analytical, business and organizational skills
Adapt to a changing environment and identify/solve problems efficiently.

Education:
M.B.A, Master of Business Administration, CAL STATE EAST BAY UNIVERSITY, Hayward, CA
Concentration:Strategic Management:August, 2002 - December 2004.
B.S., Business Administration, SAN JOSE STATE UNIVERSITY, San Jose, CA
Concentration:Management Information Systems (M.I.S.), May 1999.
G.P.A. 3.50/4.00 - Golden Key National Honor Society
A.A., Business Administration, DE ANZA COLLEGE, Cupertino, CA June 1997
G.P.A. 3.46/4.00 -- Dean's List and Honor Roll

Technical/Business Skills:
Business and Product Management Skills: Product Pricing, Profit Margin, Business Planning and Analysis, Product Development and Management.
Computer Language: Visual Basic for Application, Oracle, SQL, HTML, COBOL. 
Operating Systems: OpenVMS, Unix, Windows. 
Computer/Web Applications: Oracle ERP, Workstream Advanced Work-In-Progress (WIP) Application, MS-Access (Relational Database), MS-Word, MS-Excel (Pivot Tables, V-Lookup), MS-Power Point (Flowcharts and Presentations), Webmaster, Computer System and Application.
Knowledge of operational characteristics of database systems, principles and practices of database design and administration, database management systems, tools and utilities, concepts and principles of database technology, methods and techniques of maintaining database security.
Marketing Skills: Direct Marketing, Affiliated Marketing, Online Marketing, Web Analytics (Google Analytics, Advanced Web Analytics), SEO/SEM, Article, Newsletter, Press Release, Email Marketing, Search Engine and Web Directory Submission, Keyword Country, Google Adwords, Social Networks, Social Bookmarkings. 

Professional Experience:
MAXIM Integrated Products Inc. Sunnyvale California	Aug 2006 - Feb 2008
Associate Business Planning Manager 	Wireless Business Division
Gathered data from various sources regarding market trends, customer needs and preferences, analyzed the competition to determine areas of focus, directions for new product's specification, roadmap, development and management.
Worked cross-functionally with different departments within the company such as with Sales and Marketing, Customer	 Support and Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) to develop and forecast quantity unit sales forecasts, understand marketing and outbound requirements. Forecasted strategic parts and long lead time material commitments.
Planned weekly supply and material requirements for production requirements such as wafer starts in fabrication facility to sorting, assembly and final test releases. Developed long-term wafer, assembly and test capacity forecast based on current and future sales demand; assured supply continuity and upside planning through die-banking and inventory builds.
Tracked development of new products from initial concept through development, production and final delivery to customers. Ensured supplies are always matched with customer demand. Provided leadership to resolve any unexpected problems to keep production and customer's delivery schedule on time. 
Coordinated with Marketing, R&amp;D, Marketing Communications, Operations, Finance and worldwide Sales and Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) partners to ensure all key aspects of the business are addressed and collateral materials, marketing programs, ad campaigns, sales plans as well as constructive business development and training are implemented for success of the product line.
Developed and implemented long and short-term go-to-market programs. This includes overseeing the writing of the data sheets, specifications, technical documents, white papers for use in collateral, events, trade shows, AR/PR, tech publications; developing advertisements with Marketing Communication, establishing product pricing, and coordinating the announcement of new product release worldwide. 
Monitored market trends, emerging market, tracked new open opportunities and coordinated with Sales and Field Application Engineer (FAEs) to close and win on these opportunities. 
Provided management with status updates of marketing program and ad campaign measurements, competitive analysis, and recommendations necessary to meet financial commitments, attain revenue and market share growth.
Managed the quoting process for new orders, and directed the sales and field applications teams in order to win designs.
Coordinated part samples and evaluation (EV) kits for existing and new introduction products. Worked closely with EV kit Planning group to develop new EV kits as well as to ensure timely deliveries of products to customers.			

MAXIM Integrated Products Inc. Sunnyvale California	Sep 1999 - Aug 2006
Staff Supervisor, Sr. Analyst/Database Administrator Management Information System Department
Developed and implemented policies and procedures related to database availability, security and related services including relational tables and attributes; ensured implementation of operational practices in support of these policies and procedures; adjusted as required.
Acted as business analyst working with the technical team to deliver technical solutions to clients. Recommended and ensured that proper technical alternatives have been selected and implemented.
Created process models, specifications, diagrams, and charts to provide direction to system programmers.
Reviewed, analyzed, and created detailed documentation of business systems and user needs, including workflows, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify computer programs. 
Coordinated and performed in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for modified and new processes, and other post-implementation support.
Provided consulting support on application processes and system applications. 
Worked with outside Consultants and solution providers on technical issues and solutions.
Specialized in ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system database for semiconductor manufacturing including:
Developed new methods, strategies to keep track product information, effectively increase efficiency, reduce redundant, manual processes of maintaining product information.
Automated and managed procedures of new products' processes start from wafer fabrication and go through wafer sort, assembly package and final test in end-of-line (EOL) facilities.
Tracked processes of new product's development, provided necessary solutions to ensure product info is always accurate.
Worked cross-functionally with different business units such as Production Planning (Line managers, planners), Business Management (Business manager), Design, Test Engineering, Financial Accounting, Test Operations, Quality Assurance and Specification Document Control to establish new procedure requirements, product releases and quality improvement of company product and business.
Managed and supervised daily activities of work-in-progress products, lots, operations, flows in manufacturing and production database, provided training on new product and route-related procedures as necessary.

MAXIM Integrated Products Inc. Sunnyvale California	Jun 1998 - Sep 1999
Business Analyst/Database Administrator Management Information System Department
Performed database administration duties; provided support to programming staff in planning, designing and implementing application databases; maintained database security and user access; designed, created and maintained physical objects including tables, files, libraries and indexes to support computer applications using database management systems; monitored and maintained space allocation for databases and files; monitored database performance and troubleshoot problems.
Created, established and maintained product information, product's sort and test flows in different fabrication, wafer sort, assembly package and final test end-of-line facilities in semiconductor manufacturing.
Defined and documented processes, and formal business requirements relating to utilization, enhancements, and upgrades of the application.
Performed quality assurance and functional testing.
Provided on-going end-user training and support of business processes and workflows as related to application portfolio. 
Acted as sole point of contact between the business units and Information Technology's Application Development Specialist.

Pertinent Course Works:
Research Methods and Communications:Methods of effective data collection, research and analyze market data from various sources, market segments and industries. Analyze competitive strengths, weaknesses to determine areas of focus and directions to develop new strategies, plans and promote new products and services.
Competitive Strategy:Integrative treatment of competitive strategy, using research findings and cases to emphasize on industry analysis, competitive rivalry, and competitive advantage. Objective is to develop an analytical understanding of the factors that contribute to sustainable competitive advantage.
Corporate Strategic Management:Critical examination of corporate strategic management's theory; how the internal dynamics of an organization, as well as external forces determine or constrain particular strategic choices.
Seminar in Advanced Operations Management:Modern and advanced techniques in total quality management, location planning, aggregate planning, inventory management, and operations scheduling.
Other relevant courses:High Performance Management, Seminar in Strategic Management, Advanced Operations Management, Quantitative Business Methods, Seminar in Corporate Financial Management, Strategic Management for a Sustainable Society. Structured Systems Analysis and Design, Praticum in Management Information Systems, Telecommunications, Business Strategy and Information Systems, Financial Accounting.

Activities:
Management Information Systems Club, San Jose State University, San Jose, CA
Vietnamese Student Association, De Anza College, Cupertino, CA



  
    ad
    advertisements
  
  
    Application Development
  
  
    AR
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    banking
  
  
    business analyst
    Business Planning and Analysis
  
  
    business development
  
  
    Business Management
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    Business Strategy
  
  
    business systems
  
  
    charts
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    competitive analysis
  
  
    computer applications
  
  
    concept
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Customer	 Support
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    database management
    database design and administration
    database administration
    databases
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Direct Marketing
  
  
    direction
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Email
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    ERP
    Enterprise Resource Planning
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Financial Accounting
  
  
    Financial Management
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Infinity
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    inventory management
    inventory
  
  
    laptops
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    Marketing Communications
  
  
    materials
  
  
    access
    MS-Access
  
  
    MS-Excel
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    win
    Windows
  
  
    MS-Word
  
  
    Works
  
  
    Management Information Systems
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    Newsletter
  
  
    Online Marketing
  
  
    search engines
  
  
    OpenVMS
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Operations Management
  
  
    Optimization
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Performance Management
  
  
    cameras
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Presentations
  
  
    Press
    PR
  
  
    Pricing
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Product Management
    Product Development and Management
  
  
    Profit
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Progress
    progress
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality assurance
    quality improvement
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Relational Database
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Search Engine Optimization
  
  
    Specification
    specification
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Strategic Management
  
  
    Structured
  
  
    Systems Analysis and Design
  
  
    Tables
    tables
  
  
    user training
  
  
    white papers
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    phones
  
  
    TV
  
  
    total quality management
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    troubleshoot
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Web Applications
  
  
    web hosting
  
  
    website
    website design
    Web Page
    websites
    web page
  
  
    Webmaster
  


