
5864 Ivy Glen Drive
Grand Prairie, TX  75052
(469) 684-7723
RStone1101@TX.RR.com
Marc R. Stone
Professional Synopsis Management Executive with expertise in business and strategy
planning and development, sales and marketing, procurement, and customer service and
satisfaction.  I look forward to applying my transferable skills in other challenging
areas.  I am especially motivated to working in the industrial sector or customer service.
 I also offer proven skills as an excellent communicator with the ability to project and
elicit interest, enthusiasm, and drive that motivates others to develop their potential
and work out strategies that facilitate meeting and exceeding company goals. 
Summary of Qualifications  * Multidisciplined Professional:  Extensive background
encompassing Business Development, Strategic Planning, and Project Management. Ability to
set effective priorities to achieve immediate and long-term goals and meet operational
deadlines.  Facilitated development of subordinate managers' skills. Extensive customer
contact in troubleshooting problems and dispute resolution.  * Project Executive: Proven
abilities and excellent assessment skills in determining property value and estimating
decor and repair costs to within $1,000. or less of actual dollar amount.  Full
accountability for scheduling, cost accounting, cash flow analysis, purchasing, and
professional relations. Experienced in planning and forecasting of future property
improvements. Supervised all work. Experienced in designing and formulating budgets,
maintaining control ledgers on expenditures while researching best comparative pricing.
Proven ability to forecast future expenditures and monies needed for operations. Completed
fiscal year operation with positive variance.  * Human Resource Management:  Recruited,
assigned, and evaluated subcontractors and their employees. Diverse cultural experience in
staff and clients. Established and implemented emergency and crisis procedures.  Promoted
efficient time management among staff and subcontractors.   * Computer skills:  Familiar
with Windows, MS Word, and industry-specific software.   
Experience 07/96-06/01                      RanScott Construction Irving, TX Property Manager *
Located new lots for development.  * Purchased existing homes for repair to sell or lease
to new buyers and tenants. * Followed through on all new sales, purchases, and repairs
from start to finish, dealing with all subcontractors.  
 10/92-07/96                                Aramark Dallas, TX Food Service Director *
Oversaw all phases of food vending needs to major businesses and institutions. 
 1989-1991                                                    Blackeyed Pea and Chili's
Assistant Manager and General Manager  * For locations in Birmingham, Atlanta, Montgomery,
and Houston.  
Education 08/73-05/74                   Butler University Indianapolis, IN * B.A. Degree -
 Economics.  
 08/68-12/71           Southern Methodist University  Dallas, TX * Course studies
included Science, Math, and Liberal Arts.    



  
    inventory
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    sales
  
  
    supervision
  


