
DR. FARAH SHAH
63 Chester Road Northwood, Middlesex HA6 1BG, United Kingdom
01923450523  07900652952 (M)  fshah13@googlemail.com

MANAGER, R&amp;D
OPERATIONS DIRECTOR / MANAGER

Dedicated director and scientist with over 20 years of combined experience impacting facility performance through skilful development, enhancement, orchestration of operational and research resources. Driven manager leading/managing large teams and drove implementation of multiple projects ranging from high-level strategies through to day-to-day operations. Technically and commercially focussed strategist, increasing company profits while maintaining highest quality of product and operations. Reputable leader, facilitating collaborations between various parties and ensuring adequate training and development of all personnel. Areas of expertise include:
Operational Management (Commercial &amp; Technical)  Administration  Project Management  R&amp;D  Strategic Planning &amp; Solutions  Facilities Management  Quality Regulations (GxP)  Health &amp; Safety  Staff Management  Infrastructure/Process Improvement  Implementation  Communications  Troubleshooting  Strategic Analysis  Leadership &amp; Mentoring  Negotiations

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

HAMMERSMITH IMANET-GE HEALTHCARE, London, United Kingdom  2004-2009
Joint venture partnership between GE Healthcare and Medical Research Council, providing imaging solutions to accelerate development of novel diagnostics and therapeutics.

Operations Director
Directed up to 5 direct reports and team of 19-30 staff. Managed overall direction of all operational aspects, encompassing cyclotron operations, radiopharmaceutical production, quality control, maintenance, and operation of positron emission tomography (PET) scanners. Managed plant and building infrastructure management at HIL. Co-led all QA audits covering both GMP and GCP. Chaired meetings covering Health and Safety, Quality, and Operational Excellence, as well as customer and project meetings.  Provided primary point of contact with landlord and hospital trust, negotiating service level agreement.  Was primary contact for all regulatory bodies e.g. Medicines Health Regulatory Authority, Environment Agency. 

Major Projects
Brought online new &#163;10M manufacturing facility with minimum disruption to business/clients and little loss in revenue via organising/leading installation, commissioning, and validation (IQ,OQ, PV &amp; PQ) of all new equipment and processes.
Delivered on time and on budget new GMP compliant equipment for manufacture of radiopharmaceuticals, serving as lead author on Capex case. Key responsibilities included creating business cases, influencing key business stakeholders, planning, sourcing, installation, validation, successfully bring the overall project to closure.  
Executed large refurbishment programme of laboratory and office areas, delivered on time and on budget (&#163;1M).
Provided main liaison for HI for major 12-month-plus decommissioning project, covering all operational aspects and health and safety.
Financial Enhancements
In 2008, generated highest throughput of scans and revenue since company formed in 2001, bringing online 4 new radiopharmaceuticals for clinical use.
Drove revenue of over &#163;12M in 2008, culminating in overall profit of &#163;2M, by delivering over 600 imaging scans, achieving no-loss for business for first time in 8 years. 
Responsible for annual P&amp; L operational budgets of &gt;&#163;3M and &#163;1.5M Capex per annum.  
Operational Highlights
Defined and implemented business-level strategies as senior member of management team, providing effective leadership and ensuring efficient delivery of products and services to both internal research and external pharma customers/stakeholders (including 7 clinical group heads, various pharma clients and GE Healthcare).
Temporary cover for MD while on leave of absence for a 6 months period, providing main point 
of contact for all regulatory bodies and clients, and keeping business on track with 
minimum disruption.



DR. FARAH SHAH
           Page 2 
           fshah13@googlemail.com

Directed continuous process improvement to increase manufacturing by 10% and decrease failure rate to under than 9% per annum over an 18 month period.   Instigated various infrastructure projects to increase reliability, set-up a robust PPM schedule incorporating all plant and equipment maintenance applying project management principles across all activities.  
Chartered restructuring of operational component of company, devising scoring system with HR to determine redundancies and ensuring smooth transition of exiting staff to achieve successful knowledge transfer/retention.
Spearheaded recruitment and training of all new staff, organising new hires into teams, providing proper training, and ensuring smooth integration, all which resulted in new hires being fully trained and contributing to revenue-generating part of business within 6 months.
Achieved continuous and reliable delivery of scanning services conforming to safety and GxP regulatory requirements through leadership on all activities associated with engineering and facility maintenance.

Manufacturing Experience
Responsible for entire manufacturing/supply chain process covering radiopharmaceutical production and associated scanning services.  Delivered on a daily basis up to 7 different radiopharmaceuticals (as manufactured on-site) and all associated scanning.   Named person on Specials License (Manufacturing) for Hammersmith Imanet Limited.  All production carried out within a Class A &amp; C environment.  
Accountable for all QA/QC processes within Operations, covering IOQ, PQ, PV etc.  Production, Quality Control &amp; Radiography managers all reported to me.

IMAGING RESEARCH SOLUTIONS, LTD., London, United Kingdom 2001-2004
Joint venture partnership between Amersham Health and Medical Research Council, providing pharmaceutical companies with imaging solutions.

Research Scientist
Led identification of new radio-labelling agents and radioligands for application in clinical PET research programmes as part of overall Research &amp; Development. Carried out selection and development of specific radiotracers/radioligands for study of biological and clinical targets. Authored and, implemented several validation protocols (installation, operational, performance &amp; process validation) in order to introduce new radiopharmaceuticals to the manufacturing repertoire.  Collaborated and liaised with research chemists, operation teams, biologists, and clinical fellows. Generated reports and papers for publication, as well as presentations at national and international meetings. Managed and supervised staff and PhD students. Acted as Safety Officer and Radiation Protection Supervisor for 5 R&amp;D Chemistry laboratories for Chemistry R&amp;D.

Research Highlights
Developed basic radiochemistry for facilitating radio-labelling with carbon-11 and fluorine-18.
Completed first commercial pharma study under GMP, writing all SOPs and validation protocols, and conducting first clinical study in humans.

Operational Highlights
Assumed responsibilities of colleague who suddenly passed, quickly learning new techniques and setting up new processes in order to complete outstanding work on time and garner approval of external clients, resulting in no loss of revenue to business. Awarded with highest staff appraisal for that year and earned promotion.
Negotiated new terms and conditions for all staff transferring into new private enterprise, facilitating solutions to conflicts and ensuring that staff was protected. Achieved new terms and conditions that were accepted by both parties within 9 months of new company being formed.

MRC CYCLOTRON UNIT, London, United Kingdom  1990-2001
Performs early phase evaluation using PET of biodistribution, metabolism, time course, and dose ranges of new radiopharmaceuticals.

Scientific Officer
Identified new radio-labelling agents and radioligands for application in clinical PET research programmes.
Research Highlights
Synthesised precursors and conducted routine production of radioligands for biological evaluation, namely [11C]PK ligands, peripheral benzodiazepine receptor ligands; [11C]SR 46349B, 5-HT2A receptor antagonist; and [77Br]Bromo-WY 27587 and [11C]Alkenes, new radio-labelling agents.
Chartered research in [18F] fluoridation chemistry, labelling variety of substrates.




DR. FARAH SHAH
 Page 3 
fshah13@googlemail.com


EDUCATION

Doctor of Philosophy in Radiochemistry/Chemistry
Imperial College School of Medicine, London, United Kingdom

Bachelor of Science(Hons) in Medicinal, Agricultural, and Environmental Chemistry
Brunel University, Uxbridge, Middlesex, United Kingdom

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

PMI Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)
Inclusive Leaders Workshop
Building Essential Leadership Skills
Hiring the Right People &amp; Effective Coaching Skills
New Manager Assimilation Course
Various Health &amp; Safety Courses
Various Scientific Conferences (Radiopharmaceutical Chemistry)


AFFILIATIONS

Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry (FRSC)
Chartered Scientist (CSi)
Chartered Chemist (CChem)
Member of Society of Chemistry and Industry


TECHNICAL SKILLS

Windows 7  MS Office  Outlook  IE  Firefox
ChemDraw  Various Chemistry Software Databases

** List of Publications Is Available on Request **










Resume



  
    academic
  
  
    basic
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    C
  
  
    com
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Databases
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Environment Agency
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    GCP
  
  
    GMP
  
  
    HR
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    IE
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    MS Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Windows 7
  
  
    negotiating
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    novel
  
  
    OQ
  
  
    PhD
  
  
    PQ
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    process improvement
    processes
  
  
    profit
  
  
    project management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Publications
    publication
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    QA
    Quality Control
    quality control
  
  
    radio
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Research Council
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    scanners
    scanning
  
  
    service level agreement
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    supply chain
  
  
    validation
  
  
    author
  


