
From:		Richard Johnson [richarjohnson@gmail.com]
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Dear Sir/Ma'am
Please accept this letter as an application for the position of Customer Service Representative currently available with your company, as listed on SnagaJob.com. My resume is attached for your review and consideration, and I believe you will find me well qualified.
Detailed on my resume you will find a solid background in Sales and Customer Service, with the last ten years working in an inbound call center. During my years as an Intake Specialist I have become adept at learning the policy related guidelines, protocols and proprietary software that our clients ask us to be proficient at, in order to process insurance claims for their insured and claimants.
My years working in sales and customer service have provided me with a heightened sensitivity towards the needs of customers, especially those who are going through a crisis, such as loss of life or severe illness. Exposure to these situations on a regular basis allows me to be naturally empathetic towards people and their struggles.
I believe your company would provide an atmosphere to which I would be well suited, as well as one where my experience would be valuable.
Please contact me at your earliest convenience so that I may share with you my background and enthusiasm for the job. Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
Richard Johnson
(404)944-4432richarjohnson@gmail.com






Richard Johnson
3843 Brocket Trail #H                                                                             (404) 944-4432
Clarkston, GA 30021                                                              richarjohnson@gmail.com
Profile
Customer Service Professional, skilled in problem solving and responsive to needs of clients, coworkers and management. Poised, resourceful and adaptable to handle stressful situations. Attentive to details, with sharp awareness of omissions or errors. 
Office Skills
Professional phone manner; data entry and word processing; updating and maintenance of files and records; adept in using over nine different proprietary software programs
Employment History
The Men's Wearhouse (1995-2005)
TMW  is one of the largest discount retailers of men's business and formal attire.
Sales Associate. Wardrobe Consultant. Tuxedo Representative.
Assist customers in finding the appropriate fit and style of clothing
Assist store in monitoring shrinkage through inventory tracking, correct sizing of customers and following security procedures
Assist in brand awareness promotions and customer feedback inquiries
Education
B.A. in Liberal Arts from Indiana University Purdue University in Indianapolis, Summer of 2012




  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Data entry
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    law enforcement
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    risk assessment
  


