
Nancy S. Mack
5233 Tholozan Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63109
314-363-3756	
nancymack@charter.net

Objective:
To tell an organization's story in writing to clients and prospects. By using positive relationships and strong research and interviewing skills I will bring the organization's key messages to life.

Qualifications:
20 years experience as a marketing communications writer
20 years experience as a marketing communications project manager
Proven ability to summarize complex information for readership by the general public
Experience writing brochures, ads, direct mail, presentations, scripts, articles and product/service collateral

Selected Achievements:
Wells Fargo Advisors, St. Louis, MO 2008 - 2009: Senior Writer &amp; Team Leader
Delivered Home Office communications to nearly 16,000 Financial Advisors. Lead team of three writers. Work encompassed research, writing, editing and managing all project phases necessary to deliver messages that enable financial advisors to do their work.

Editor/publisher of the Branch News Leader electronic newsletter
Editor/publisher of the Branch Brief electronic newsletter
Writer/editor of e-mails and Web content
Managed and coached three writers

Edward Jones Investments, St. Louis, MO 1998 - 2007: Senior Marketing Specialist
Developed and implemented marketing communications plans for business units including banking services, retirement plan marketing, insurance marketing, database marketing, trust services, online marketing, fixed income marketing, mutual funds marketing, research and equity marketing. Work 
Nancy Mack										Page 2
encompassed concept development, writing, editing and managing all project phases including design, production and delivery.

Created and delivered marketing communications plans for investment clubs, broadcasts for women, estate planning broadcasts, the Personal Finance Education Program, the certificates elimination project, the Bush Tax Plan and the industry's "Transaction + 1" project which positively impacted the bottom line
Wrote newsletters, broadcast scripts, direct mail and product/service collateral, adjusting writing style to each medium and target audience, resulting in increased sales
Introduced firm-wide integrated marketing communications plan template, which created time efficiencies and cost savings
Managed statement stuffers targeted to as many as five unique customer segments per month, leading to increased sales 

Maritz, Inc., St. Louis, MO 1996 - 1998: Marketing Communications Manager
Managed content, design, production and delivery of marketing communications including news magazine, sales brochures, posters, direct mailers and other types of product/service collateral materials.

Co-developed and co-wrote the annual marketing plan for the company's performance improvement division
Managing Editor of Impact, a four-color, high gloss quarterly news magazine for clients    
Editor of the company's intranet content
Wrote for Exclusively Yours, a magazine informing clients how to redeem their award points

Maritz, Inc., St. Louis, MO 1994 - 1996: Training Manager
Accountable for design, development and delivery of customized training programs for Fortune 500 clients.  Delivered training programs in a variety of media including classroom, print, self-study, electronic self-study and video. 

Hired and supervised freelance instructional designers, writers and facilitators
Honored for "out of the box" culture change program delivered to Aviall in 1996
Received "Creative Top Honors" and "Best Design" awards for WordPerfect sales training program in 1995 

Maritz, Inc., St. Louis, MO 1989 - 1994: Project Head
Coordinated the work of multi-disciplinary teams involved in all phases of performance improvement programs for Fortune 500 clients.  Wrote copy for clients' program communication elements. 

Received "Communications Campaign of the Year" award in 1993
Named "Creative Contributor" in 1991, 1992 and 1993
   
Education:
MS, Xavier University, Cincinnati, Ohio	
BA, Washington University, Saint Louis, Missouri		



  
    banking
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    color
  
  
    concept development
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    database marketing
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    editing
    Editor
    editor
  
  
    equity
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    fixed income
  
  
    freelance
  
  
    funds
  
  
    gloss
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    Home Office
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    marketing plan
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing communications
  
  
    materials
  
  
    publisher
  
  
    newsletters
    newsletter
  
  
    online marketing
  
  
    posters
  
  
    research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    sales training
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Tax
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    unique
  
  
    video
  
  
    Web content
  
  
    WordPerfect
  
  
    Writer
  


