
RICK STARK
Mission Viejo, CA 92692 | 949-241-4931 | Rick@RStark.org | LinkedIn: StarkRick

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LEADER
I am a strategic Director who applies expert-level business acumen and technical acuity to bridge the gap between business objectives and technology capabilities. My ability to launch, lead, manage and revitalize global business groups, including e-commerce and data centers is second only to my ability to effectively negotiate relationships with key internal stakeholders and clients that generate multi-million dollar revenues. Directing consulting projects, building cohesive and results-focused teams, I'm an executive known for partnering with employees to achieve best-in-class outcomes for both the clients and the company.
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

Cymer, San Diego, California									2008-2011
The world's leading supplier of excimer light sources and deep ultraviolet photolithography that are essential for manufacturing in today's semiconductor marketplace.

Senior Director, Information Technology
Developed and built technical operations teams for global IT operations including platform infrastructure, service desk, IT security (PKI), global data centers, systems integration, change - incident - problem management and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance.  Served as the Chief IT legal expert, and Corporate IT security officer.

Delivered $2M+ in annual savings through virtualization and consolidation of applications, telecom and infrastructure platforms.
Drove operational maturity through process improvement, business alignment, technology roadmaps and strategic planning.
Introduced new and robust platform architecture to support a new Oracle ERP platform, increasing application performance and reducing cost.
Implemented MS OCS with Shoretel VOIP and negotiated carrier contracts to reduce telecom costs by 40%+.
Developed and built a Change/Problem Management Program to build organization maturity, increase IT awareness, utilizing a Plan of Record process to provide a consolidated dashboard to business leadership.
Implemented a 250TB EMC SAN environment to replace legacy NetApp equipment
Completed DR Initiative to enable business continuity/disaster recovery, allowing site failover capabilities across global data centers. 

AVNET, Phoenix, Arizona										2008
Multibillion-dollar, international distributor of electronics, enterprise computing, storage, and embedded subsystems.

Executive Consultant, IT
Conducted a comprehensive review and strategic analysis of company's overall IT systems, infrastructure, and architecture across 3 newly acquired and 6 established sites in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region. Developed short- and long-term roadmaps/recommendations, project plans, and budgets for IT operational development, ERP migration, shared services and integration efforts.

.Continued

RICK STARK * Page 2 * Rick@RStark.org / LinkedIn: StarkRick

(Avnet, continued)
Ensured both short-term IT stability and long-term integration of APAC infrastructure, ERP systems (SAP) and operations processes into Avnet's existing architecture with a far-reaching infrastructure roadmap.
Prepared company for long-term staffing needs, creating a forward-looking organizational structure complete with skill-set requirements. 
Positioned Avnet for successful Sarbanes-Oxley, ISO, and IT audit compliance with accurate documentation and change controls.

GATEWAY, INC., Irvine, California and Lakewood, CO					1993-2008
International computer manufacturer and electronics distributor for the direct, retail, and professional markets.

Senior Director (2003-2008) / Director, Information Technology (2002-2003)
Headed two technical teams in the oversight of corporate platform infrastructure, architecture, security, database environments, data architecture, systems integration, IT finance and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, and all core applications such as SAP, PeopleSoft, and ecommerce. Concurrently served as chief IT legal expert, representing IT in all corporate legal contract negotiations.

Delivered $5.6M in annual savings by reducing infrastructure platforms 40% and consolidating server farms.
Successfully concluded the world's largest Siebel CRM implementation project, managing a full product/project lifecycle process managing an $80M program budget.
Maintained 99.99% system availability for tier 1 production ecommerce, ERP and CRM systems providing significant business value across multiple locations.
Sponsored/directed $60M initiative to consolidate JDE &amp; SAP ERP platforms into single Oracle ERP Instance.
Selected for an elite governance role managing a 250-member global outsourced IT group (ACS).
Directed 9 Global Data Centers consisting of over 120,000 sq. /ft. of floor space.

Senior Manager, Global IT Operations (2000-2002)
Built and led a 75-member team, overseeing $18M budget to support corporate ecommerce and global platform infrastructure, global data centers, network operation centers and Wintel-based applications. Developed and maintained wide variety of software applications including Citrix, Vertex, Exchange, PeopleSoft, and Agile.

Provided turnkey management of an outsourced contract encompassing 300 Lockheed Martin staff, 12 AS/400s, 1,500 NT servers, 200TB SAN and 6 UNIX enterprise systems.
Directed the successful migration of gateway.com to an owned/internal environment, maintaining 99.99% availability and establishing a dedicated internal IT support team.
Expanded IT cross-training, developed technical roadmaps, broadened the department's knowledge across functions, and improved employee satisfaction levels with the institution of a new staff development plan transferring individuals into new roles every 18 months.

Senior Manager, International Sales, Support and Operations (1997-2000) 
Tasked with establishing a special sales support and operations group of twenty five multi-discipline professionals to focus on International based business opportunities for the entire corporate product portfolio, including consulting services for architecture, design and integration. 
 
Gained hands-on experience in new product introduction, advertising, promotions, contract negotiations, pricing structures, P&amp;L, cost controls and inventory tracking. 
Succeeded in orchestrating sales to the US military throughout the Pacific Rim; dramatically expanded sales by 500% in only one year; personally drove the acquisition of $10 million in new revenue each year. 
Instituted a technical support response system with 100 employees to provide quick and efficient solutions to complex customer problems. 
Greatly decreased abandon rates by 60% and improved overall customer satisfaction levels. 

Regional IT Manager (1995-1997) 
Established the Gateway presence in the Pacific Rim, encompassing Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Australia, through infrastructure, integration and help desk support for all internal systems. 

Set up and maintained all LAN/WAN platforms, routers, switches, hubs, workstations, networks and related software with a team of 20 professionals. 
Coordinated the entire staffing process for administering Japan's PBX, LAN/WAN, AS/400, Novell and internal user support services. 
Managed the deployment of a global ERP system in Japan as the initial replacement to our legacy ERP solution (migration from JBA to JDE). 
Streamlined workflow processes to improve the client experience, operating efficiencies and productivity. 
Promoted to this position after superior work performance at previous positions. 

.Continued

RICK STARK * Page 3 * Rick@RStark.org  / LinkedIn: StarkRick


EDUCATION &amp; AFFILIATIONS
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Management
American Management Association * ISACA * American Chamber of Commerce, Japan


TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE
Microsoft Systems Engineer * Novell Engineer * Network Engineer
Microsoft: Windows/Server, Exchange, Office, SharePoint, Lync, Azure, Office 365
SAP * Novell * JDE * Oracle * ERP Systems * SaaS * PeopleSoft * Siebel * Sun* Salesforce.com
 Amazon EC2 * Google * IBM * EMC * Dell * Hitachi * Fujitsu * Cisco * Avaya * Shoretel * ITIL * COBIT









  
    advertising
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    AS/400
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    business intelligence
  
  
    business process
  
  
    C
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    com
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    contract negotiations
    contracts
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    database
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    driving
  
  
    ecommerce
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    Gateway
    gateway
  
  
    help desk support
  
  
    hubs
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    JBA
  
  
    JDE
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Lockheed Martin
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Wintel
    Windows
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    Network Engineer
  
  
    network
    networks
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    NT servers
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    process improvement
    processes
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    quick
  
  
    retail
  
  
    routers
  
  
    Sage
  
  
    sales
  
  
    sales support
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Sarbanes-Oxley
  
  
    Siebel
  
  
    staff development
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    strategic analysis
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    switches
  
  
    systems integration
  
  
    TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT
  
  
    technical support
    user support
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    Vertex
  
  
    VOIP
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    workflow
  


