
ADAM C. RUBY
89 S. 14th STREET     PITTSBURGH, PA 15203      (412) 551-4603      EMAIL: ARUBY1@GMAIL.COM

SUMMARY

Dedicated business professional with over 9 years of experience managing service and sourcing projects throughout North America.
Directly responsible for sourcing over $10MM of equipment, MRO and service projects.
Experienced and effective writer having assisted in the construction of over $50MM of sourcing events.
Established track record of success providing business solutions to companies including Waste Management, Lehigh Cement, International Paper and All-Clad. 
Seasoned business development representative having worked with procurement officers, sales managers, Proven analytical and strategic thinker having developed business plans for capital projects as large as $6MM.  Disciplined in Lean Six Sigma practices and current Six Sigma Yellow Belt.
Computer saavy having worked with MS Suite, Adobe Suite, AutoCAD, SAP, SRM, eSourcing, Oracle and CRM software.

EXPERIENCE

CATEGORY ANALYST, February - November 2011
Contract and purchasing maintenance lead for packaging category overseeing approximately $100MM of annual spend.  Identified and solved transactional purchase to pay issues through frequent interaction with Heinz supply chain, R&amp;D, accounting and production planning staff as well as suppliers; ensured contract SOX compliance; maintained SAP and BPCS contract and purchasing system functionality. 
Established price update guidelines enabling immediate identification of price discrepancies prior to order placement.
Resolved $2MM of outstanding payment issues 2 weeks after taking on the Rigid Resin portfolio.
Assisted in identifying and framing in $300,000 worth of cost out projects for house brands.

R.G. BREWTON INC., PROJECT MANAGER, Lawrence, PA, 2010
Managed inventory and cost savings projects for integrated supplier; developed procedural guidelines for administration of automated inventory system; cataloged savings measures for customer base; coordinated monthly reporting efforts with staff and customers; presented program benefits to customers.
Organized savings model that revealed an additional 15% savings on a $1.5MM spend.
Helped customer identify and catalog $150,000 worth of MRO inventory reducing overall monthly spend.
Authored operations and office procedures to promote better quality of service for customers.

PREDATOR SYSTEMS, LLC, PROJECT MANAGER, New Castle, PA, 2006-2009	
Managed environmental service and equipment projects for sister companies and outside customers; developed strategic business partnerships with public, private and government entities; supervised production planning and sourcing for manufacturing projects; pursued permits and grant funding; coordinated research and development projects for new equipment and recycled materials.
Sourced over $4MM of MRO parts.
Managed over $3MM worth of capital equipment projects.
Orchestrated material supply contracts with nationally recognized solid waste, energy and manufacturing companies, maxing out plant capacity for a sister recycling operation.
Successfully obtained $350,000 grant for a related entity allowing for the purchase of new equipment needed to increase plant capacity.
Authored operations and office procedures, improving work flow and communication between management and production.

MARYLAND ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICE, PROJECT MANAGER, Millersville, MD, 2002-2006
Managed production planning, quality control, material logistics and sales for recycling operation; developed network of subcontractors to facilitate raw material collection and supply; assisted in the development of new products to meet customer demand; represented company at local, state, and national industry seminars and events.
Developed and managed $5MM of RFP and service contracts.
Established global supply network of supplemental materials, increasing annual sales by $500,000 through additional product offerings.
Secured 1.2 million tires annually for recycling facility within the space of 18 months.
Responsible for the sale of $4MM worth of products and services during tenure.


THE JANE GOODALL INSTITUTE, DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE, Silver Spring, MD, 2000-2001
Raised money for nonprofit environmental advocacy group, solicited individual donations through direct mail campaign and charity events; managed donor database; identified prospective donors; acknowledge donations.
Increased Chimpanzee Guardian Program giving by 100% through development and distribution of new promotional materials.
Assisted in migration of donor database to new prospecting software.


WASHINGTON COLLEGE, DATA SPECIALIST, Chestertown, MD, 1998-2000
Maintained donor database; identified prospective donors; coordinated direct mail solicitations.
Identified donor prospects for the $100MM 1782 Capital Fundraising Campaign.


EDUCATION

Washington College, Chestertown, MD, 1997
B. A. History, Teacher Certification Program














  
    accounting
  
  
    Adobe Suite
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    BPCS
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    database
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    framing
  
  
    Fundraising
  
  
    government
  
  
    Guardian
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    materials
  
  
    money
  
  
    office
  
  
    migration
  
  
    network
  
  
    Oracle and CRM
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    promotional materials
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    supply chain
  
  
    Teacher
  
  
    troubleshoot
  


