
2
Marshall E. Sparesus Jr.


Marshall E. Sparesus Jr.
5770 N Hazel * Fresno, CA 93711 * (559) 940-3451 * marshesparesusjr@yahoo.com

I am seeking a Procurement position with an organization that welcomes initiative, dedication, and excellence. As a dynamic Contract Specialist with over 8 years of work experience, I have managed large contract portfolios and procurement services for both private companies and larger corporations. I am a problem solver with proven success in meeting rigorous deadlines and improving company functionalities. My extensive knowledge in the area of complex business decision-making, and my active experience in supervising, hiring, and training team members/employees have equipped me to meet any challenge in this professional arena.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE


Property Management
Administration
Team Leadership
Reporting
Budgets
Decision-Making
Computer Systems

Contracting &amp; Purchasing
Public Relations
Marketing
Communications
Systems Restructuring
Conflict Resolution

Construction Consulting
Problem-Solving
Customer Service
Resource Management
Hiring &amp; Training

ACCOMPLISHMENTS &amp; CERTIFICATIONS

* Licensed to practice real estate in the following states: California, Georgia, Texas, and Illinois

* Federal Certification to Manage Assets				* National Exchanger Certification
* National Institute Governmental Purchasing (NIGP)		* Journeyman Carpenter
* National Association Purchasing Management (NAPM)		* Apprentice Plumber
* National Contract Management Association (NCMA)		* Apprentice Electrician
* U.S. Marine Corps (1964 to 1968) Vietnam Veteran		* Vietnam Recon Scout (1965)

WORK HISTORY

Property Manager &amp; Realtor						                              1998 to 2006 
Helpful Realty Team (Atlanta, GA)
Ensured timely payment and collection of rent from tenants; evaluated tenants via a pre-occupant screening process.
Was in charge of all marketing aspects for rental property; performed periodic property inspections and examinations.
Coordinated and interacted with various vendors; reported property information to owners on a monthly basis.

Contract/Procurement Team Leader	                                          1996 to 1998
- Chicago Housing Authority Co. (Chicago, IL)
Communicated with upper management and city officials on a consistent basis.
Performed substantial office administration duties including writing correspondence, office organization, and maintaining the updated knowledge of new computer programs and software.
Identified problems quickly and presented effective solutions and remedies.
Made serious business decisions deftly and efficiently.
Communicated and interacted with peers, contractors, clients, and all levels of management.
Supervised onsite emergency procurement in times of crisis.

Contract Specialist -	       1993 to 1995
Resolution Trust Corporation (Washington, D.C.)
Negotiated complex, multi-million dollar government contracts; restructured company procedures to streamline administration process.
Organized, solicited, reviewed, evaluated, and awarded multi-million dollar contracts; managed 40-120 solicitations through award process.
Successfully reorganized and restructured solicitation process for the Contracting Office.
Directly responsible for reporting actions to US Congress.

Unit Chief/Contract Specialist/Property Manager						1989 to 1993
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.  (Houston, TX)
Performed coordination of contract procurement functions for the Department of Liquidation.
Originated short and long-term contracts engaging the goods and services of vendors; oversaw and advised renovations and management services.
Coordinated and organized classes and conferences for vendors; Oversaw and handled staffing for new contracting unit.
Frequently functioned as Acting Section Chief; directed all internal and external operations for contract procurement.
Designed new programs, systems, and reports including: owner real estate forms for reporting minority and non-minority activities, registration and tracking system for prospective vendors, and enhancement of tickler system for contract bidding.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, University of Virginia, Richmond, VA 1981

Degree in Auto Technology, College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL 1978


















  
    streamline
  
  
    carpentry
  
  
    computer troubleshooting
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    clients
  
  
    forms
  
  
    government
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    office administration
  
  
    painting
  
  
    plumbing
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    staffing
  


