
 Sunita Singh
                                            svo.3010@gmail.com
10525, Kinghurst St, Houston, Texas, Cell: (480) 374 0999


Background        
Analytical modeling and simulation of electric power systems, Power system control and planning, Research on wind power plant and smart grid initiatives.
      
EDUCATION  
PhD in Electrical Engineering					Jan 2007- July 2009
Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona				GPA: 3.95/4.0
Master of Technology in Integrated Power Systems	             		July 1997 - Dec 1998
Visvesvaraya Regional College of Engineering, Nagpur, INDIA         	GPA: 8.2/10                 
Bachelor of Engineering (Honors), Electrical Engineering	              	
M.B.M. Engineering College, Jodhpur, INDIA.	                                            GPA: 7.5/10

WORK EXPERIENCE

Power System Research Engineer, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Richland, Washington
August 2009-March 2010
Consolidation of balancing authorities in Washington State: Worked as a team member on the methodology development and performance metrics evaluation to test the feasibility of BAs' consolidation taking account of wind generation.
Virtual Balancing Authority: Worked as a team member to determine generation margin requirements and transmission congestion evaluation in the case of extreme events of wind-forecast errors.
Model Parameter estimation: Worked as a team member on the performance comparison of different types of Kalman filters for parameter estimation and calibration of power system models. 

Research Associate, Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona
January 2007-July 2009
Evaluate and investigate the effect of sabotage on the transmission lines (part of the NSF project): Evaluation of a 230 kV double circuit tension section of the transmission line is investigated for the sag-tension
With different combinations of tilt sensor measurements on tangent towers  
Using mechanical state-estimation with tilt, tension, inclination angle of conductor with the horizontal and temperature sensor data, weather data and current measurements.
Identify and eliminate the effect of inaccurate and failed sensors on the conductor sag using bad-data detection and identification method.

Associate Professor, Poornima College of Engineering, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, (August 2002 - July 2006)
Taught undergraduate engineering courses such as Power Electronics -I &amp; II, Control System Engineering, Electrical Drives and their Control, Electrical Machines, Electrical and Electronic Measurements. Taught laboratories for A. C. and D.C. Electrical machine s and Power Electronics, Instrumentation, Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering and handled Laboratories for A.C. and D.C. Electrical machines, and Instrumentation. Measurements and Basic Electrical Engineering.
 
RELEVANT COURSE WORK in PhD 
Power engineering operation and planning 
Power system dynamics 
Power system stability
Electrical power quality
Power system transients
Linear control theory 

PROJECTS in PhD	
Load modeling and simulation of Relays in time domain: Performed a detailed analysis of the stability of the 179 bus equivalent of the WECC system with the appropriate load model, Designed required relay settings for the islanding using DSA Power Tools.
Transient analysis of a power system using EMTP: Modeled a three phase generator- transformer and load system using EMTP , Analyzed the transients in the model during opening and closing of the switching resistor and application of single phase fault, Calculated transient voltage peak for the current chopping problem

MASTERS THESIS 
Damping of sub synchronous oscillations in HV AC/DC Power System including dynamics of inverter control:
Developed linearized model for the analysis of the sub-synchronous frequency oscillations due to series compensated A. C. system and HVDC control including inverter controls in AC/DC power system 
Identified the parameters affecting those using models amenable to Eigen Value Analysis.
Examined the role of inverter dynamics with different controllers including sub-synchronous damping controller (SSDC) to mitigate the torsional interaction.

PATENTS AND PUBLICATIONS 
Mohamed Y. Haj-Maharsi, and Sunita Singh, "Assesment of an HVDC connected wind power plant, submitted panel paper, IEEE EnergyTech 2012 Conference, May 29-31, Ohio.
Mohamed Haj Maharsi, Sunita Singh, Kent Hans Sobrink, Reactive power management for wind power plant internal grid, US patent 8,121,739, Year 2011.
Mohamed Haj Maharsi, Sunita Singh, Kent Hans Sobrink, Dynamic adjustment of power plant output based on electrical grid characteristics, patent filed, Year 2011.
G T Heydt, Sunita Malhara, Vijay Vittal et al, "The characterization and impact of extreme forecast errors on power systems," Journal of Electric Power Components and Systems, Vol 39, issue 15, pp. 1685-1700, 2011.
Sunita Malhara, and Vijay Vittal, "Mechanical state estimation of overhead transmission lines using tilt sensors," IEEE Transactions on Power Systems, Vol 25, Issue 3, pp.-1282-1290, August 2010, 
Sunita Malhara and Vijay Vittal, "Monitoring sag and tension of a tilted transmission line using tilt sensors," Paper#09GM0303, IEEE-PES General Meeting, Calgary, Canada, July 26-30, 2009. 
Sunita Malhara, "Sensitivity of LR solutions to input parameters," Optimization strategies for Power System Operation and Control, Ch.10, Power System Engineering Research Center, Tempe, AZ, December 2007.
Sunita Malhara, Dr. R .A. Gupta, Dr. Rajesh Kumar, " Transient and Harmonic Analysis of Cage Induction Motor Drive fed from PWM Inverter" , National Conference on Emerging Computational Techniques and Their Applications, Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India, October 22- 23, 2005.


COMPUTER SKILLS
Programming Languages and software :   C, MATLAB-Simulink, Microsoft office Suite
Power System Tools: Working knowledge of EMTP, DSA Tools (PSAT, TSAT, SSAT), PLS-CADD and SAPS, PSCAD, DIgSILENT PowerFactory.

IEEE Power and Energy Society member and paper reviewer



  
    Basic
  
  
    C
  
  
    cable
  
  
    calibration
  
  
    closing
  
  
    controller
  
  
    database
  
  
    DC
  
  
    Electrical Engineering
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    market
  
  
    MATLAB
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    Microsoft office Suite
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    NSF
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    peak
  
  
    PhD
  
  
    Power Tools
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    System Engineering
  
  
    transmission
  


