
SUDHAKAR APADHARANA
752 Tory Hollow Road Berwyn
Pennsylvania PA 19312
609-6583715
aparna_sudhakar@yahoo.com
 
 
PROFILE
25+ years of hands-on experience on a wide variety of hardware and software ranging from mainframes to distributed systems, in integrating systems and providing business solutions to  businesses in  India, Europe , New Zealand and United States.
Strong leadership abilities and customer relationship management skills, with a passion for customer satisfaction.
Specialized in providing product support and implementation of Enterprise Incentive Management solutions.
Extremely result oriented with strong analytical , troubleshooting and problem diagnostic skills.

IMMIGRATION STATUS
US Citizen
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Data Specialist ( Callidus 3.7)
TrueComp Fundamentals ( Callidus 5.1.2.3)
Oracle Certified Database Professional ( Versions 7 and 8)
IBM Certified On Demand Support Lead ( Feb 09 - June 2010)
Responsible for supporting and managing a team that provides technical support for all product issues , related to customers who have subscribed to the callidus on demand offering.
Serve as an escalation point for customer issues, to ensure customer satisfaction and compliancy of SLA agreements.
Technical Account Manager (April 08 - April 09 ) and ( Aug 03 - March 07)
Provided on-site technical support , account management and implementation assistance for multiple large callidus customer accounts.
Responsible for product installations/deployments and creating multiple environments.
Additional responsibilities included issue resolution,providing operational support and informal customer training on specific usage/functionality of callidus products.
Performance and Installation Consultant ( April 07 - April 08)
Served as a member of the performance and installation team.
Responsible for deployment and installation of the callidus product suite at multiple customer sites and troubleshooting product configuration /installation issues.
Assisted customers, in product tuning , to ensure optimal efficiency.
 
Maruthi Consulting, Foster City, CA 04/02 - 07/03 Applications Development Manager/Senior Database Administrator
Managed multiple projects across project teams in the offshore development center in Chennai, India to ensure timely and quality software services to Deltanet Inc USA (A major client) .Involved as a business analyst/project manager in analyzing the use cases for the claims administration system.
The project involved online data capture of claims related data submitted by business providers and sending the claims to be adjudicated.
While the adjudication of the claims was done in the mainframe by the adjudication engine, the data capture layer of the system was implemented in the distributed system using XML/Visual basic and MS SQL SERVER technologies.
Established systems and procedures in place for business processes to smoothen the daily operations of the company. Involved in designing the strategy and migrating all applications from sql server 7 to sqlserver 2000.
Franklin Templeton Investments, San Mateo, CA 10/00 - 03/02 Senior Database Administrator/Data Integration Architect
 Responsible for supporting the development and production database environments related to oracle applications as part of the data management group. Key accomplishments included involvement as part of a design team in architecting and implementing an operational data store that integrates data from several legacy systems as part of the Enterprise Integration project. Was involved in capturing the business requirements from various domestic and international business units The ODS was designed to act as a single repository for the user community to track and analyze the performance of sales representatives Analyzed several operational source systems and their data elements across systems Architected efficient,consistent,scalable data extraction solutions Was responsible for administering the development and production environments of Informatica Involved in Repository administration and migrating repositories Was also involved in reviewing ETL designs for various mappings and monitoring the performance of the informatica server . Familiar with power center architecture. (Informatica 5.1) Designed a star schema and participated in the development activities for a sales data mart to analyze/track the activities performed by sales reps Technology Used : Database Oracle 8.1.7 ETL Tool Informatica 5.
Bizrate.com, Los Angeles, CA 06/99 10/00 Senior Database Administrator
Supported all database environments to maintain the enterprise web site in a Sybase Unix environment Maintained /supported the data warehousing environment in oracle. Maintained a 99% uptime of all the databases in the prod environment to meet the service level agreements with customers Performed data analysis on raw data collected from web server logs and assisted in designing reports to analyze and track the behavioral patterns of the visitors to the web site (Click Stream Data Analysis).
Technology Used Oracle 8.1.5 ETL Tool Data Stage( 6 months)
Operating System Solaris
 
State Compensation Insurance Fund, CA 04/94 - 05/99 Consultant
Served as a data warehouse developer/database administrator for a large data warehouse project involving integrating data from the mainframe to the data warehousing environment using customized pl/sql stored procedures in an Unix/oracle environment Major subject areas that were developed as part of the above project were the policy and claims systems Primary business modules that were built include underwriting, rate analysis for different coverage categories and claims processing data Lead consultant in the re-engineering and implementation of core business processes (policy and claims systems) from a flat file structure to a database environment. The systems were developed using cics, Cobol ii and DB2.
 
Norwest Mortgage, Des Moines, IA 09/93 03/94 Senior Programmer Analyst
Designed and coded various enhancements for a loan processing information system using COBOL II, VSAM and CICS. Harper Group, San Francisco, CA 01/93 08/93 Analyst Programmer Part of the consulting team from sofsys to design and develop a financial system for the company. The system consisted of accounts receivable, accounts payable, general ledger and invoicing subsystems. The system was developed using CICS, COBOL and DB2.
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Hardware: Sun, HP-UX, Windows, Mainframes,IBM
Operating Systems: Solaris, HP-UX, Linux, NT, AIX,WINDOWS2000
Databases: Oracle 10g, sql server 2005, Sybase and DB2
Modeling Tools: ERWIN, Designer 2000,E/R Studio
Data Extraction Tools: Sqlloader, BMC-Unload, Informatica
Programming Languages: PL/SQL, T-SQL, COBOL, C,Shell Scripting
DBA Tools: OEM, DBArtisan, Statspack, Spotlight
Business Domains: Insurance, Finance and Retail
Business Intelligence :Business Objects
Application Servers : Weblogic ,WebSphere
 EDUCATION
Bachelor's degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering - Madras University, Tiruchirapalli,



  
    Account Management
    account management
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    AIX
  
  
    business analyst
  
  
    Business Intelligence
  
  
    Business Objects
  
  
    Business Process
    business processes
  
  
    C
  
  
    CICS
    cics
  
  
    COBOL
    Cobol ii
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    consultant
    consulting
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Data Analysis
    data analysis
  
  
    data management
  
  
    data warehouse
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Data Stage
  
  
    data warehousing
  
  
    designing
  
  
    ERWIN
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    general ledger
  
  
    HP-UX
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    WebSphere
  
  
    Informatica 5.1
    Informatica 5
    Informatica
    informatica
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    international business
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    mainframe
    Mainframes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
    WINDOWS2000
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Modeling
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    operational data store
    ODS
  
  
    Operating Systems
    Operating System
  
  
    Oracle
    oracle
  
  
    oracle applications
  
  
    DBA
  
  
    Designer 2000
  
  
    developer
  
  
    PL/SQL
    pl/sql
  
  
    Oracle 8
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    re-engineering
  
  
    Retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    Shell Scripting
  
  
    service level agreements
    SLA
  
  
    Solaris
  
  
    sql server
    MS SQL SERVER
  
  
    sql server 7
  
  
    Sqlloader
  
  
    sqlserver
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    T-SQL
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Visual basic
  
  
    web server
  
  
    web site
  
  
    Weblogic
  
  
    XML
  


