
Wajahat "Gabriel" Iqbal
2171-62 Fiddlers Way, Oakville, Ontario, L6M 0R9
647 782 1115 gabriel.iqbal@gmail.com www.eurekamakingadifference.com

BIOLOGY, EDUCATION, LEADERSHIP AND SUSTAINABILITY PROFESSIONAL

OBJECTIVE
 Use my 10+ years experience in Experimental, Experiential and Kinesthetic Learning in
 teaching Biology, Environmental and Health Science for a pioneering school focused on
 innovating precedent setting paradigms in Science Education and Student Talent Development.
PROFILE
 Award winning Education, e-Learning and Sustainability Professional with Student and
 Leadership Development Experience as well as workforce training skills in multiple Fortune
 500 companies.
CORE COMPETENCIES
 Grade 11-12 Biology,                                 Inspiring and Motivating Students                             Consensus Builder
 Environmental and Health                             Public Speaking                                               Creative Problem Solving
 Science Teaching                                     Health and Fitness                                            Developing World Class Teams
 Biological Fieldwork                                                                                               Latest Applications and Trends in
                                                        7 Habits of Highly Effective People
 Methodology                                                                                                        Campus Sustainability.
                                                        5S System Organizational Skills
 Experiential Learning Best                                                                                         Campaign Management,
                                                        Change Management
 Practices                                                                                                          Fundraising and Internet Marketing
                                                        Effective Behavioral Skills
 Implementing Cutting Edge                                                                                          UN Sustainable Development
 e-learning                                             Emotional Intelligence                                      Program

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
 Enhanced Student Experience by introducing Experimental, Experiential and Kinesthetic Learning.
 Organized funding for Ecological Field Trips via Public, Government and Corporate Engagement.
 Set up Ecological and Educational Tourism for the regions 1st Sustainability Education Company.
 Integrated management systems software and improved company's quality score to 94%.
 Quadrupled the resorts revenues and introduced Ecotourism.
 Made substantial financial savings for the company by engaging people in Sustainability
 Campaigns that included transportation, waste reduction, water and energy conservation.
 Was honored with an Outstanding Guest Speaker Award at International Leadership Congress
 2010 for services to Leadership, Education and Sustainability.
 Recipient of International e-learning Congress 2011 Award for services to improving TQM (Total
 Quality Management) via e-learning.
 Organized fundraising events such as 2010 Run for Haiti earthquake victims. Raised $ 38,000.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Biology / Science Teacher
 Designed and delivered curriculums for Grade 11-12 Biology, Grade 9-10 Science, Diploma in
 Environmental and Health Science.
 Created Objective Instructional Designs in Lesson Planning and Delivery.
 Facilitated students in the development of Empirical Debating and Report Writing Skills.
 Used Differentiated Instruction and small group guided facilitation.
 Set up Leadership Camps, Outreach Programs and Facilitated a Fun and Active Learning
 Environment.
 Facilitated students to conduct an investigation on the Effects of Pollution on Biodiversity.
 Organized a field trip to assess water quality of Fresh Water Ecosystems. Assessed BOD, pH
 and biodiversity. Coordinated the project with National Rivers Authority and enabled students to use
 spectroscopy technology to analyze water quality.
 Facilitated students to investigate the Biodiversity of Mangrove Ecology.
 Launched SPSS software hence improving students understanding of scientific data interpretation.
 Engaged Students in Developing a Passion for Science and chart out a rewarding career.
 Took a novel approach in teaching by Relating Science to Daily Living.

                                              th
REF: Resume / Gabriel Iqbal / Updated on 10 March, 2011

In consideration for our environment please avoid printing and if you have to print please print back to back using paper from Sustainable Forestry.   Page 1 of 2
Biological Research
 Engaged schools, colleges, universities and companies in natural history field trips and research.
 Researched reef ecology, paleobiology and adaptation. Published various research articles.
 Research and community awareness programs to Rehabilitate Environmental Degradation.
 Published research using examples from the restoration of Canadian Great Lakes.
Corporate Training and Sustainability Education
 Created a global profile for Training and Development, Sustainability, Talent Management, Brand
 Communications, Change Management and the companies Community Center.
 Applied for the Business Excellence Awards, created a Corporate Manual and trained the team to
 comply with the standards, and enabled the company to win an internationally prestigious
 business and sustainability performance award.
 Trained world class companies including, CISCO Systems, Standard Chartered, Maersk Shipping.
 Trained companies to achieve Peak Performance and Sustainability.
 Current projects include Remax Real Estate (GTA), Peel Multicultural Council (Mississauga),
 Sheridan College (Oakville), George Brown College (Toronto).
WORK HISTORY
Senior Manager - Learning and Development, TYCO International                                                                                Jul 2008-Apr 2011
Annual turnover US$ 17 billion, 110,000 employees in 60 countries and 450 locations.
Founder / Managing Director, Eureka Academy                                                                                               Jan 2007-June 2008
Executive Resort Manager, Kempinski Hotels - 5 Star Luxury Resorts                                                                         Nov 2005-Dec 2006
World's fastest growing luxury hotel chain.
Regional Executive Director, Kempinski Hotels - 5 Star Luxury Resorts                                                                      Jan 2003-Oct 2005
Director of Health and Leisure, Kempinski Hotels - 5 Star Luxury Resorts                                                                   Dec 2001-Dec 2002
Founder / Managing Director, EcoDiscovery Ecotourism and Education                                                                         Sep 1998-Nov 2001
Biology / Science Teacher, Our Own English High School - GEMS Education                                                                    Sep 1997-Jun 1998
Founder / Research and Community Awareness Campaigner, Eureka Academy                                                                      Sep 1996-Jun 1997
Biology Teacher, Thomas Danby College                                                                                                           May-Jun 1996
Biology / Science Teacher, Carlton Bolling College                                                                                         Oct 1995-Apr 1996
Health and Fitness Internship, YMCA Central London                                                                                               Jul-Aug 1991
EDUCATION
University of Leeds, U.K.                                                                                                                              1995-1996
PGCE (Post Graduate Certificate in Education) Biology Grade 11-12 / Science Grade 9-10
University of Leeds, U.K.                                                                                                                              1992-1995
Bachelor of Science - Biology (Honors Degree)
Ealing, Hammersmith and West London College, U.K.                                                                                                      1990-1992
Diploma in Health Sciences
CERTIFICATES
   Ontario Teachers' Certificate (applied and awaiting approval)
   Qualified Teacher Status, Ministry of Education, UK
   Internal Auditor ISO 14001 / OHSAS 18001
   Lean Management
   Certificate in Leadership Development and Managing People
   Certificate in Disciples to Inspire a Result Oriented Team
   Lifefitness - Powerful Training and Advanced Nutrition Programs
   PADI Open Water Diver - Professional Association of Diving Instructors
   Life Saving
Computer Literacy: MS Office Suite, LMS, Blackboard CE, SPSS, ERP, CRM, People Soft, Constant Contact Internet
                   Marketing Software, Web Design, Google Analytics, Social Media Platform, MS and Sony Movie
                   Maker Film Editing, Adobe Photoshop
Memberships:       Conservation Halton, Ontario                        ROM (Royal Ontario Museum), Toronto
Associations:      Royal Institute of Biology, UK                      UN Business Council on Sustainable Development
                   Safety, Health, Environment and Quality Club
Driving License:   Valid and clean G class, Ontario.
Business Profile:  www.eurekamakingadifference.com LinkedIn: http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/gabriel-iqbal/15/702/769
References:        Available upon request


                                              th
REF: Resume / Gabriel Iqbal / Updated on 10 March, 2011




  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Computer Literacy
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Delivery
  
  
    Editing
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    Film
  
  
    Instruction
  
  
    Internet
                   Marketing
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Leadership Development
  
  
    Managing People
  
  
    MS Office Suite
  
  
    People Soft
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Report Writing
  
  
    SPSS
  
  
    Teacher
  
  
    Web Design
  


