
Riseyda Rivera
396 NE 36th Terrace 	Homestead, Fl 33033		
Cell: 305-764-6707
email: rgmizriz@yahoo.com
High Energy, Highly Qualified, Independent, Spanish/English Professional with over 14 years combined experience in Franchising, Administration, Accounts Payables and Customer Service.  I am assertive, self motivated, detail and goal oriented.  I am flexible, efficient and versatile, able to maintain a sense of humor under pressure. I am easy going, reliable and ready to take on new challenges. My efforts, expertise and experience are invaluable to any department or company. Able to juggle multiple projects with minimal supervision while striving to meet tight deadlines without compromising quality of work. 
Core Qualifications:

MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Lotus 1-2-3	Speak, Read, Write Spanish/English 
Executive Administrative Support		Office Administrative Support
Calendar/Meetings/Travel Plans
Answer Phones/Relay Messages
E-mail &amp; Correspondence
Customer Service/Problem solver
Great writing and communication skills 
Invoices, Expense Reports/Payment transactions
Heavy Data Entry/Adding Machine
Spreadsheets/Accounting Reports
Records Organization/Bookkeeping
Vendor Negotiations/Management
Annual 1099's/Job Costing
Bank Reconciliations/Collections
AS 400 / Peachtree/All in one Printers
Team Building/Employee Evaluations

Philadelphia, Pa	 						01/05-12/05
Administrative Assistant
Maintained MS Outlook calendar. Organized meetings and scheduled travel plans for the Project Manager.
Answered phone calls and messages accurately and promptly.
Checked e-mails and replied according to urgency.
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
Drafted correspondence such as letters, bid proposals and memorandums. 
Handled office duties such as, office supplies, data entry, faxes, record keeping, photo-copying, presentation packages, spread-sheets, scanning, binding &amp; compiling documents.
Performed other duties as assigned.
Aerotech Filtration: Holmes, Pa							10/03-12/04
Executive Assistant
Scheduled meetings and travel plans for company Sales force and Vice President. Maintained calendars. 
Coordinated conference room bookings, refreshments, catering, etc.
Ability to handle sensitive/confidential information professionally.
Submitted T&amp;E expense reports and other business related expenses for reimbursement according to company policy. 
Performed Administrative tasks such as, answering phones, faxing, copying, e-mailing, scanning and filing.
Prepared presentations packages.
Multi-tasked without compromising quality of work. 
Priced, prepared and processed PO's for clients in After-Market and Fore-Market Air Filtration products.
Arranged meetings with clients and production regarding status of PO. Prepared and submitted bid proposals. 
Billed, collected and posted client payments using Peachtree software.
Maintained files according to GAAP standards. Assisted in quarterly audits. Served as AP and Payroll backup using Peachtree Software when employees were vacationing or out on personal leave.
Running Press: Philadelphia, Pa							10/00-10/03
Accounts Payable Manager
Managed all aspects of Accounts Payable activities. Ensured timely payments of vendor invoices and expense vouchers. Maintained accurate records and control reports. Reviewed applicable accounting reports and accounts payable registers to ensure data entry accuracy.
Oversaw a staff of 7 employees, processing approximately 600 invoices a week and monitoring $4 million in aged payables a month. Reviewed various reports to assess status of vendor accounts.
Reconciled vendor statements. Coordinated and facilitated communication with vendors to resolve any disputes or discrepancies. Coordinated internal processes to ensure vendors are paid timely and discounts are honored.
Ensured all deductions for returns or offsets are posted completely and timely.
Coordinated compilations/issuance of weekly reporting related to AP operations for management analysis, review weekly reporting to assess efficiency and effectiveness of department operation and address any issues.


Organized meetings with production to ensure "key vendors" were paid in a timely manner.
Enforced company policies &amp; procedures as they related to AP.
Served as back up for department when sub-ordinates were out on vacation or personal leave.
Reviewed AP invoices for date received, approvals, GL coding and proper matching.
Posted invoices to AP subsidiary ledger.  Reconciled AP to GL daily.
Prepare year end 1099's. 
Set up and maintained vendors in MAPICS system. Performed month-end closing procedures, closeout sub ledgers and prepared accruals. Assisted staff accountant with month end closing.
Earned excellent marks on performance reviews, with citations for excellence in areas including work volume, accuracy and quality; ability to learn and master new concepts; positive work ethic; and commitment to providing unsurpassed service.
Job Costing
Opened, date stamped and processed invoices into Cost of Good Sold account.
Tracked inventory cost and transferred the cost to the job.
Estimated cost of jobs as the jobs progressed.
Distributed job cost reports (Estimates vs Actual) for Purchasing Manager, CEO and Comptroller.
Updated AS400 system when job cost was posted.
Created and maintained ISBN numbers in AS400 MAPICS for new, recurring and WIP titles. 
Estimated inventory cost on Excel worksheet for collateral. 
Calculated final cost on completed jobs.
Radio Shack: Philadelphia, Pa							10/99 - 08/00
Assistant Manager
Sold $2,500 weekly, superseding weekly store goal.
Prepared weekly time schedules for employees and processed payroll.
Updated price tags on merchandise. Coordinated groups for monthly inventory. Maintained store front, neat, clean and stocked.
Qualified customers on merchandise. Satisfied customers when merchandise was defective or did not meet quality standards. Worked OT when necessary.
Performed other duties as assigned.
Country Home Bakers: Shelton, Ct						09/97 - 8/99
Accounts Payable Manager
Sphere headed a department of 5 employees monitoring and maintaining approximately 500 invoices a week.
Developed a thorough understanding of the AS400 BPCS Financial and Reporting system by attending one-on -one training with IT consultants.
Crossed trained sub-ordinates on AP procedures to effectively process invoices and payments in a timely fashion.
Hired, trained, coached and developed direct reports, Foster positive team spirit.
Performed monthly meetings (1 on 1) and annual performance reviews with AP staff; ensuring both individual and departmental goals are understood and realized.
Reconciled AP sub-ledger to GL on a daily basis.
Ran cash requirements and administered checks to vendors and sales personnel.
Published an AP manual for employees to use when staff was absent.
Reviewed cash requirements. Selected vendors. Paid vendors by using different methods of payments: manual or system generated checks, wired or by releasing Letter of Credit. 
Used off-site storage to store year end files. Maintained log book.
Earned excellent marks on performance reviews, with citations for excellence in areas including work volume, accuracy and quality; ability to learn and master new concepts; positive work ethic; and commitment to providing unsurpassed service.
R.C. Bigelow: Fairfield, Ct			09/90 - 8/97				10/89 - 09/90
Accounts Payable Supervisor					A/P Clerk
Responsible for the overall supervision of 5 AP sub-ordinates and day to day operations.
Processed Fixed Asset invoices into AS400 BPCS system, calculated depreciation using straight line method. Prepared JE to record full depreciation. 
Handled petty cash transactions and reconciled account. Reconciled bank statements. 
Education:
	Housatonic Community College-Acctg, Bridgeport, Ct        Norwalk Community College-Acctg, Norwalk, Ct		Baruch College-Bookkeeping Certification-NYC, NY
Affiliations:
	AP360 Member 1990-1999		Dale Carnegie-Public Speaking		












  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    accountant
  
  
    accounts payable
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    accruals
  
  
    Adding Machine
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    Administrative Support
  
  
    photo
  
  
    All in one
  
  
    AP
  
  
    AS 400
    AS400
  
  
    backup
  
  
    Bank Reconciliations
  
  
    Bookkeeping
  
  
    book
  
  
    BPCS
  
  
    closing
  
  
    communication skills
  
  
    copying
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    Customer Care
  
  
    Data Entry
    data entry
  
  
    E-mail
  
  
    English
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    faxes
    faxing
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Financial and Reporting
  
  
    GL
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Job Costing
  
  
    Team Building
  
  
    ledger
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Lotus 1-2-3
  
  
    managing
  
  
    MAPICS
  
  
    Market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Meetings
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    MS Outlook
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    neat
  
  
    Negotiations
  
  
    payables
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    Peachtree
  
  
    performance reviews
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Printers
  
  
    Problem solver
  
  
    processes
  
  
    coding
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Read
  
  
    record keeping
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    Spreadsheets
    spread-sheets
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    answering phones
    phone
    Answer Phones
  
  
    year end
  


