
                      Scott Humphries
                      1224 Riversound Court, Marietta, GA 30068
                      t: 678 795 9388 c: 404 964 8110 e: humphries@me.com




      Summary of      Conceptual and goal-focused Creative Director / Graphic Designer with extensive knowledge in
     Qualifications   advertising, direct mail, collateral, corporate and brand identities, sales promotions, annual reports,
                      package design, tradeshow graphics, point-of-sale, PURLs, web design and interactive media.
                      While I also have experience in consumer advertising, most of my expertise has focused on
                      business-to-business marketing in a truly diverse range of product and service categories. This
                      has instilled in me the ability to quickly assess the dynamics of a clients business and determine
                      an effective course of action to meet their needs and objectives. I am also adept in managing
                      colleagues and freelancers to effectively manage their objectives.



Current Experience    Creative Services Inc., Art Director                                                1/1997 &#173; 7/2000
                      Presented a full-spectrum of design from initial concepts through production. Generated highly
                      conceptual collateral in a fast-paced environment. Interfaced directly with clients as well as
                      account executives. Formed many strong alliances with designers, photographers, illustrators,
                      copywriters and programmers to meet the specific personalities and demands of each client.



                      Char-Broil, Art Director                                                             9/1994 &#173; 1/1997
                      In addition to creative communications and tradeshow graphics, I also oversaw the execution
                      of manufacturing-focused design services, including: packaging, p.o.p., product design, technical
                      manuals, etc. I mentored a full-staff of designers, illustrators and production assistants. While
                      employed, I rebranded all products to increase delineation between the grill lines, accessories and
                      replacement parts. Also implemented of an icon-based system for retailers to understand options
                      when developing seasonal product lines.
   Past Experience    DayStar Digital, Art Director / Graphic Designer                                 5/1992 &#173; 9/1994
        (continued)   Responsible for design and implementation of graphics and collateral to support the marketing and
                      sales of Macintosh clones, accelerators, memory upgrades and imaging software. Interfaced with
                      engineering to advise in graphic processes and help direct product development internally as well
                      as collaboratively with Apple, IBM, Adobe and Kodak.



                      FlatIron Studios, Graphic Designer                                                1/1991 &#173; 5/1992
                      Collaborated with Creative Director to implement the design and production of presentations and
                      print collateral.



                      East Carolina University
                      BA in Communication Art



                      Sample portfolio may be viewed at www.humphriesfolio.com
                      Extended portfolio comprised to specific industries or mediums available upon request



Additional Keywords   Creative Director, Art Director, Graphic Designer, Graphic Design, Marketing Communications,
                      Marketing Communications Manager, Senior Art Director, Senior Graphic Designer, Visual Design,
                      Advertising, Multimedia Graphic Designer, Project Manager, Brand Manager



  
    Adobe
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    Art
  
  
    BA
  
  
    budget
  
  
    com
  
  
    clones
  
  
    Creative Director
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    product design
  
  
    product development
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    fast
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Macintosh
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    memory
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    technical
                      manuals
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    video
  
  
    annual reports
  


