
SMEETA NAIK							            
Phone: 510 516 7465
Email: 12smita@gmail.com
Professional Summary: 
Total 6 years of IT experience in Web Designing, Web Application Development and Implementation in various domains like Finance, entertainment, e-Commerce mostly in the Front end web development.
Conversant with all the phases of SDLC (Software development Life Cycle) with experience in Design, Development, Testing, Integration and Implementation of n-tier applications on a LAMP and WAMP platforms. 
Having 3 years of extensive experience working in agile software development methodology.
Highly motivated and result oriented professional with experience as a Senior Web Developer. Excellent Analytical skills to understand the business process and Functionality, Requirements and to translate them to system requirement specifications.
Extensively Worked on HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, DOM, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, Jqgrid, CSS Image Sprites
Knowledge of PSD Slicing
Efficient in designing templates using CSS.
Expertise in solving the issues regarding the Cross Browser compatibility for the web Application. 
Thorough in unit testing and debugging using tools like Firebug, Pixel Perfect and IE developer's Tool.
Expertise in creating and maintaining blogs
Sound knowledge in SEO, making the websites SEO Friendly and ranking in search engines.
Solid experience with Javascript RIA libraries such as jQuery, MooTools, Object Oriented JavaScript, JSON, jQuery plugins and knowledge of  ExtJS Framework. 
Proficient in writing JavaScript's mainly for client side validation, dropdown menus, Image rollovers, and dynamic calendars.
Working experience with MySQL which includes configuration, query optimization, writing Sub Queries, Expert in handling the administration of MySQL database using PHPMyAdmin.
Experience in PHP web services using SOAP.
Very well worse with the working knowledge of MVC code frame work 
Knowledge of Database Design, Creation and Modification, working with Tables and Views and implementing user defined Functions and Stored Procedures for MySQL.
Well versed with multiple version control tools like SVN, CVS, Source Control, and Sub-Versioning.
Experience as developer in developing and managing the website in the Content Management System (CMS) WordPress 2.9.1 and Joomla 1.5.
Expertise in analyzing scope of creating the website includes Resource management, Time management, Human resource management and quality of the site.
Expertise in gathering Information from stakeholders and understanding business requirements, creating  web templates depending on business requirements.
Experience with Linux Environment.
Knowledge of Ruby on Rails web application framework.
Mentored junior web developers in day to day tasks.

Skills: 
Web Technologies, Scripting Language	HTML, CSS, JavaScript, DHTML, XML, Jquery, Jqgrid, AJAX, PHP, RoR	


Languages	 
C, C++, C#, Java, Visual Basic, ASP.Net, SAS,VBA	


Databases	
MySQL 5.0, SQL Server 2005.	


IDE	
Dreamweaver CS5, Eclipse 3.2.1, Visual Studio	


Servers	
Apache 2.0, Tomcat5.0	


Operating Systems	
Windows 2000/XP/95/NT Server, Red Hat Linux 9	


Microsoft Tools	
MS Word, Advanced MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, Outlook, MSAccess, MSVisio	


Version Control Systems	
SVN, CVS	


Content Management System	 
Joomla , Word press	


Professional Experience: 

Neoquant Solutions   India 			                             			'Jan09 -   Apr10'
Senior Web Developer
I worked as a senior developer for major US based Information and entertainment Client. This project involved software development for doing file sharing. In this users could add mp3 files, images to dedicated file server using web frontend developed using flex and backend using PHP as server side scripting language. Mysql database was used as data store. All communications from the front end was xml based, PHP was extensively used to generate XML responses back to flex front end.

Responsibilities:
Created the user interface for automation using JQuery, Ajax, CSS, HTML DOM.
Involved in all phases of Software System Life Cycle - Analysis, systems specification, design, implementation, testing, and integration, support of application deployment.
Worked with teams in designing and developing server optimization techniques like SEO etc
Worked with the design of the templates and skins in CSS. 
Lead Team of designers and developers for development of 'PSDsTOHTML.COM' website. This is a service offered to Designers (customers) to place their orders online to convert PSD files into web pages.
	Designed various websites in WORDPRESS 
Worked on creating content management system for HCL digischool for teaching the students online using custom Java script functions for building interactive user Interface.
Testing of websites for w3c validation and testing it in major browsers like Firefox, IE6, IE7, IE8, opera, Safari
Used Firebug, Firebug Lite, IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.
Knowledge of the Database Schema design and normalization in designing new databases for the expanding applications
Knowledge  of Implemented Session Handlers to be persisted into the MySQL database tables
Worked extensively with the FILE upload features.
Knowledge of Developed the Stored Procedures and Functions using SQL for database intensive operations.
Dealt with specificities in security, authoring, staging of the site's web content management  and personalization
Knowledge of Creating and using SQL Queries, Scripts and Stored Procedures for data validations.     
Worked with teams in designing and developing server optimization techniques like caching, SEO etc


Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, AJAX, XML, JavaScript, Windows, Apache Web Server, MS Visio.

Idealake Software Technologies India			                             	         'Jul08-   Jan09'
Developer
Worked on various projects as follows:
Task management system: was designed for the employees to login as soon as they enter the organization and to check their daily assigned tasks.
Wealth Online: is a Financial Project which involved building of web portal based on Microsoft .Net server side scripting.
Big Music and Video: was done for Reliance Big Entertainment. This project involved building of platform for masses to access innovative, cutting-edge content. Key content initiatives include production and strategic collaboration in areas such as gaming, movies, animation, music, broadcast, DTH and user-generated content, amongst others. Link to site, http://www.bigmusicvideo.co.in.
Avendus: is an investment bank based in India with offices in Mumbai and Bangalore. This Project was aimed at Private Equity and debt raising and in strategic advisory.

Responsibilities:
Knowledge of Creating and using SQL Queries, Scripts and Stored Procedures for data validations.          
Analyzed, Designed and developed Web based application as per the requirement.
Component based design experience with an ability to identify objects and write classes.
Considered the security issues concerned with REQUEST variables and worked with sessions.
Developed the Stored Procedures and Functions for database intensive operations in SQL Server 2005.
Worked on CSS and JavaScript validations.

D-link India		                                                                       		 'Jan04-May06'
Trainee Engineer
Responsibilities:
 I worked directly with business team to gather detailed business requirements.

Involved in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  
Instrumental as a primary developer of HR applications.
Designed UI using HTML, DHTML, CSS.
Used MYSQL to access and analyze SQL queries, tables, views, indexes, packages, functions and stored procedures. 
Configured and maintained web server software, including Apache, PHP and MYSQL
Used MS Visio for UML to create Use Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams and Sequence diagrams in design phase.
Performed Client-side validations using JavaScript
Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.
Administered Apache Web Servers and MySQL databases.
Designed web application on Linux Platform (Red Hat 9.0)
                   
Education:
Master of Engineering, Information Technology					
Padre Conceicao College of Engineering, India,	

Bachelor of Engineering, Information Technology				
Goa College of Engineering, India,

Personal Memoranda:

Date of Birth  		: 12th September 1983
Sex   			: Female
Marital Status	            : Married
Languages Known   	: English, Hindi, Marathi &amp; Konkani
Branch  		: Information Technology Engineering
Qualification  		: M.E (I.T)
Address		: 3509 Federal drive, Eagan MN-55122
Phone Number  	: 510-516-7465

References: Available upon request.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 31 Mar 2012  							
Place: Eagan MN								
(Smeeta Sagun Naik)



  
    ASP.Net
    Microsoft .Net
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    animation
  
  
    Apache 2.0
    Apache
    Apache Web Server
  
  
    automation
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    browsers
  
  
    C
    c
  
  
    C++
  
  
    COM
  
  
    content
    Content Management
    content management
  
  
    CSS
    CSS3
  
  
    Client
  
  
    Version Control
    CVS
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    designing
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    DOM
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    Eclipse 3.2.1
  
  
    edge
  
  
    English
  
  
    Equity
  
  
    features
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    HTML4
    HTML
  
  
    http
  
  
    HR
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    IE
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JavaScript
    Java script
    JAVASCRIPT
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    access
    MSAccess
  
  
    C#
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    MS PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Windows
    windows
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    NT Server
  
  
    Word
    MS Word
  
  
    mp3
  
  
    MYSQL
    MySQL
    Mysql
    MySQL 5.0
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    developer
    Developer
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    press
  
  
    Red Hat Linux 9
    Red Hat 9.0
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    scripting
    Scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    Software Development
    software development
  
  
    specification
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    tables
  
  
    teaching
  
  
    Tomcat5.0
  
  
    UML
  
  
    user Interface
    user interface
  
  
    validation
  
  
    VBA
  
  
    Video
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    web portal
  
  
    Web Servers
    web server
  
  
    website
    web content
    websites
    web pages
  
  
    XHTML
  
  
    XML
    xml
  


