
Dale R. Hall
5747 W Missouri Ave #121A  Glendale AZ 85301  (928) 304-3610  Dale-Hall@hotmail.com

Objective 
Property Manager position.  Supervise, lead or perform various duties concerned with managing multiple family housing units.
Profile 
Realtor/Property Manager:  

Trained and licensed to assist clients in the sale and or purchase of properties to included residential and commercial properties, trained in estates, conveyances, deeds, encumbrances, types of mortgages title insurance, escrow, listing agreements, earnest money agreements, leases, land use  and regulations, purchase and sale agreements, real estate finance, lending laws, valuation and appraisal and landlord tenant acts. Trained as a Property Manager acting as a liaison between the landlord and tenant for over 350 properties both commercial and residential, duties include, building/facilities  maintenance, emergency responding to service calls and addressing maintenance issues to include electrical, HAVC, plumbing and structural, working knowledge of wiring welding, soldering and conduit, hiring and managing in house maintenance personal, inspect repair work, also hire and manage/inspect contractors to complete work for home owners as required and keep with-in budget.  Other duties included periodic property inspections, accepting rent, advertising for vacancies and doing credit background checks on possible tenants.
 
Skills Summary
Project Management
Report Preparation 
Written Correspondence
Deductive Reasoning	 Desktop computer 
Notebook computer 
Yardi experience
Marketing &amp; Sales	Account Management
Human resources software
Fluency of Ideas
Professional Presentations	

Professional Experience
PROPERTY SALES/MANAGEMENT
Extensive Client "Needs Analysis" experience encompassing (1) need, (2) want, and (3) afford allowing for quick Customer qualification.
Enter rents and tenant information into Yardi and other property management programs
Scripting of targeted client messages.
Author professional correspondence to customers and vendors. 
Design and deliver series of informational seminars for local businesses and associations, providing advertising education concerning effective target messaging. 
Extensive Marketing and Sales training background in manufacturing, retail sales.
Communicate concepts using layman's terms to facilitate understanding.
Develop and author PowerPoint presentations.
Multiple sales and marketing location leadership and responsibility.
Sales forecasting and budgeting methodologies.
Employment History
CASTLEBROOK CONDOMINUMS - Provo, Ut
Community Manager, 2010-2011

DESERT BEST TECHNOLOGIES, LLC.
Director of Sales, 2007-2010
Start-up Company - Acids/Sanitizers and Disinfectants

REALTOR/PROPERTY MANAGER  - Spokane, WA.
Property Sales and Management, 2004 to 2007

RECRUITER U.S. MARINE CORPS  - Spokane, WA.
Prior Service Recruiter USMC, 2000 to 2004

AVIATION OPERATIONS SPECIALIST U.S. MARINE CORPS  - Yuma, AZ.
Tactical Air Trafic Control/Operations, 1984 to 2000
Education
Kearns High School, 1983, H.S. Diploma
Southern Illinois University, Professional Development, 1985
Southern Illinois University, Aviation Maintenance Management, 1985
	
Professional Training:

National Certified Pool/Spa Operator, 2011
Pro Schools, Realtor/Property Manager, 2004
Achieve Global, Professional Selling skills, 2003
Learning International, Professional Selling Skills-Applications, 2003
Marine Corps Academy, Recruiter School, 1999
Marine Corps Prior Service Recruiting School 2000
Coastal Carolina Community College, Marine Air/Ground Task Force Planner II, 1999
Ground Safety course, 1992
Aviation Operations Specialist, 1984

















Page | 1



  
    Recruiting
    Recruiter
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    Selling
  


