
Elizabeth G. Berglund
4 Kerry Way, Palos Heights, IL  60463
Home phone: (708) 827-5053; Mobile phone: (908) 267-0735
E-mail:  e.berglund3592@att.net

Qualifications summary:
Accomplished B2C and B2B media, public relations and marketing communications professional with a demonstrated capacity to achieve results under a variety of resource and organizational conditions. Background contains a unique mix of experience including: healthcare and biotechnology communications; public relations agency experience at leading Chicago and New York firms; a variety of different editorial positions with a major publishing company; plus corporate communications and marketing activities for two technology industry trade associations.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE &amp; ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

July 2008-October 2011:
Health Care Service Corporation, multi-state health insurance company, Chicago.
Senior Marketing Communications Specialist

Created and produced project-based marketing communications plans and collateral for the individual consumer health insurance market - both Under 65 and Over 65 segments.  Projects have included materials for the BlueCare PPO Dental launch
(3 states); BlueEdge HSA; Medicare Supplement and Medicare Select products.
Wrote and edited collateral materials for Enterprise Wellness initiatives, such as the launch of two new Online Wellness Tools and the Fitness Program.
Revised, updated and created new materials such as direct mailers, brochures, videos, web pages and event collateral for the Group Medicare and Commercial Over 65 markets.  These have included product lines such as: BlueCare Dental, BlueSecure, Blue MedicareRx and Blue Medicare PPO.

June 2006-June 2008:
Independent contractor / freelance public relations specialist and writer, Chicago

Develop and implement strategic public relations and marketing communications plans and programs for businesses and organizations in the health care, life sciences, financial services, real estate, hospitality, and related industries.
Health Care Service Corporation - August 2007 to June 2008: senior communications contractor for Enterprise Marketing Communications Department.  Projects included: launch materials for Blue Medicare PFFS; Worksite Wellness materials, including the Health Fair Tool Kit; collateral materials for the Blue Extras Discount Program, Dental Care Connection, and Group Medicare. 
Multiple projects and campaigns for other organizations including: Bitter End Yacht Club (luxury resort destination); The Crescendo Companies (real estate development and management holding company, which includes Mid-America Development Partners, The Harp Group, Portfolio Hotels &amp; Resorts and Cenitare Restaurants); and Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization (iBIO, the Illinois affiliate of the national BIO trade association).

- continued -

- 2 -

Dec. 2000-May 2006:
Hill &amp; Knowlton, an international public relations / public affairs consultancy, Chicago 
Vice President, Senior Vice President

Developed and implemented comprehensive, integrated public relations and marketing strategies and programs for a variety of organizations from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies in a wide array of industries.  These included companies and organizations such as Motorola (multiple divisions, including: telecom networks; public safety and homeland security; specialty software including mobile browsers); University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (Office of the Vice Chancellor for Research); Illinois Medical District at Springfield; and TransUnion (financial services).

Programs ranged from high-impact media relations to C-Suite thought leadership initiatives, as well as corporate reputation management and crisis communications, events/trade show support, Product Launches, editorial programs (bylined articles, White Papers, Op-Ed pieces) and litigation support (patent / intellectual property).

Developed and executed strategic awareness building programs for high profile association clients, including iBIO (Illinois Biotechnology Organization), the Illinois Coalition (State of Illinois technology development organization) and the Illinois Technology Association (formerly Chicago Software Association).

Winner of 2005 iBIO Corporate Citizenship Award (Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization) for service "above and beyond" to the State of Illinois life sciences and biotechnology communities.  Winner of a PRSA (Public Relations Society of America) Skyline Award for successful promotion of the iBIOMarketplace annual conference in 2003.

Additional Experience / Expertise:
Vice President
Makovsky and Company, a medium-sized public relations / investor relations firm, New York City 
Created and executed broad-based media and industry analyst relations initiatives for technology companies.

Account Supervisor, Senior Account Supervisor, Vice President
Edelman Worldwide Public Relations, an international public and media relations firm, New York City 
Managed national and international integrated public relations programs teams for a variety of technology-focused companies.

Director of Communications
Computing Technology Industry Association (CompTIA), a trade association serving computer
resellers/VARs, systems integrators, and computer hardware / software manufacturers, Lombard, IL.
Served as spokesperson and liaison with computer trade press and general business press, increasing coverage of Association activities by 40% in one year. 

Manager of Publications
LANDA (Local Area Network Dealers Association), an industry association serving computer network &amp; systems integrators, and vendors, Elmhurst, IL.  

Features Editor, Editor-in-Chief, Editorial Director, Associate Publisher
for three graphic arts/printing magazines (American Printer, Graphic Arts Product News, 
Electronic Printing &amp; Publishing). 
Maclean Hunter Publishing Co., a B2B magazine publisher with 27 U.S. and 63 Canadian titles, Chicago.
Recipient of five Editorial and Design Awards from the American Society of Business Press Editors.

Education:	B.A., University of Illinois (Urbana-Champaign);  Major/Minor:  Economics/Journalism

References:	Available upon request.



  
    brochures
  
  
    browsers
  
  
    C
  
  
    crisis communications
  
  
    editorial
  
  
    financial
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    litigation support
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    market
  
  
    Marketing Communications
    marketing communications
  
  
    materials
  
  
    media relations
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    networks
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    Research
  
  
    safety
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    White Papers
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    web pages
  
  
    articles
  


