
                                                   Saurabh Tripathi                             
 E-mail: saurabh13686@gmail.com
 Mobile: +91-9013709717 

Objective
To accept all challenges and assignments with great responsibility and accomplish them with utmost   sincerity by well coordinated teamwork eventually achieving the entrusted targets with complete job satisfaction to serve the industry.
Professional Summary
Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist.
8  month of  Web Application  Development Experience in Microsoft Technologies 
Talented and accomplished Information Technology professional with extensive background in ASP. Net, C#. Net
Proven ability analysis, design and development of applications.
Experienced with RDBMS implementation and development using SQL Server
Technical Skills

Operating Systems		:	Windows 98/2003 Server/XP/Vista/7
Programming Languages		:	  C#.net, ASP.Net, LINQ
Packages			:	MS-Office, Page Maker
Web tools			:	HTML, Ajax 
Scripting Languages		:	JavaScript, XML
DBMS/RDBMS			:	Ms-Access, SQL Server 2008
Web Technologies		:	ASP.Net
Reporting Tools		               :	Crystal Reports 9.0

Certifications 
Successfully done Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS).NET Framework 4 Web Application. 



Employment Summary
Working as a Supervisor for  Pioneer Paints Industry , Lucknow, India June 2005 to July 2006
Worked as a Dispatcher for  Pioneer Paints Industry , Lucknow, India May 2004 to June 2005 





Projects Accomplished In   Prota TECH India 

Project #1

Title		:  WISH 

Environment	:  C#.Net 3.5, Asp.Net 3.5, SQL Server 2008, Visual Studio.NET 2008, VSS 6.0
Role		:  Software Engineer 
Team Size	:  6

Description:

Wish is developed to manage employee work force. User can schedule the shifts of employees for specific events at different venues. User can calculate the salaries of White or Blue collar employees on the basis of contract rate or default rate after processing the working hours. Employees working hours can be managed or processed with the help of Sign In-Sign Out functionality. Wish is capable of storing complete information about the Company, Employee, Branch, Jobs, and Events.
Responsibilities:

Designing and developing user interfaces for Web-based applications.

Design and creation of SQL Server 2008 Database Objects.
Designed tables &amp; procedures.
Generating reports using Reporting Services

Project #2

Title	:  SORT

Environment	:  C#, SQL Server 2008, Asp.Net 3.5, Visual Studio.NET 2010, Visual Source Safe 6.0
Role		:  Software Engineer
Team Size	:  6

Description: 
 This project is developed to provide training to the Users to become Crowd Managers. In this kind of training, the employee can go through various modules and training material provided. The employee can take a pre and post course assessment, which consists of a series of multiple choice questions that need to be answered. These online trainings are highly interactive and motivate the employees to learn the modules.
	
Responsibilities:

Design and creation of SQL Server 2005 Database Objects.
Used ADO.Net to access SQL Server Database.
Designed tables &amp; procedures. 

Internship
6 month Internship at Inizer Technologies ,Noida
      Project: Payroll management System
Environment	: C#, ASP.Net 3.5, SQL 2008.
Role				: Software Engineer Trainee 
Description:
This project include 3 modules
Debtors and Creditors A/C.: This module interacts with sales &amp; marketing module and gives information on various types of outstanding like customer wise, age S.O/A.M wise and state wise. It also Provides S.O/A.M wise collections review and comparison with sales plans actual collections. It generates supplier wise ledger copies.
General Ledger: It gives control account details like sundry debtors and sundry creditors and various expenditure account details and comparison with budgets. It generates trail balance, P &amp; L account balance sheet.
Cash and Bankbooks: It deals with receipts, payment and journal vouchers with branch wise and daily financial transactions.
Responsibilities 
Involved in developing all modules with strong security techniques.
Designed tables &amp; procedures.
Designed ADO programs for the manipulate inventory database.
Used various customized Reports using Data Reports.
Used HTML format for online help.


Personal/Interests:
Ability to work under pressure and relate well with people
Accept challenges and desire to learn.
Willing to Learn New Technologies.


Educational Qualifications
B.Tech (I.T)   from Mahatma Gandhi Mission College of engineering &amp; technology (UPTU), Noida , 2011
12th   from  S.V.P.I.C, Lucknow , 2004
10th   From  Lucknow Public School , Lucknow  , 2001

  Personal Skills and Competences 
Comprehensive problem solving abilities, excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically, team facilitator and hard worker.
Mother tongue - Hindi
Other Language - Excellent Reading skills, Excellent Writing skills and Verbal skills in English 
Reading Magazines, Newspapers, Novels.    



  
    ASP.Net
    .NET
    C#.net
  
  
    Crystal Reports 9.0
  
  
    DBMS
  
  
    English
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Ms-Access
  
  
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    MS-Office
  
  
    Windows 98
  
  
    Newspapers
  
  
    Novels
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Page Maker
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    RDBMS
  
  
    Reading
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    Scripting
  
  
    SQL Server
  
  
    Verbal skills
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    written communication skills
    Writing skills
  
  
    XML
  


