
Tina R. Wiggins	 

Tina R. Wiggins
20473 Cypress Drive
Farmington, MN  55024
651.214.8404  
 tina.r.wiggins@gmail.com


Core Qualifications

Diverse experience  in financial, procedural, and administrative issues in program administration
Experience in annual report preparation and grants submissions
Highly organized and detail oriented
Flexible in varied work environments 
Comfortable managing several projects and programs simultaneously
Effective in interaction with parents and students
Diverse experience in public speaking 
Ease at working collaboratively
Computer proficient (Microsoft Office Suite, Internet, Database, Photoshop, University or Program-Specific Software)


Professional Experience
University of Chicago Hospitals/University of Chicago		1993-2002

Manager of Educational Programs				1998-2002 
(Masters of Public Health [M.P.H.] for Medical Doctors [M.D.] and Clinical Research Training Program [CRTP])
University of Chicago, Department of Health Studies, Chicago, IL	
Served as a liaison between students, faculty, and the Biological Sciences Division, managing all administrative aspects of curricula, graduate programs, and fellowship training programs.  Assumed responsibility for writing projects and other special projects such as website development, annual report generation, grant submissions, and faculty recruitment.

Implemented and administered graduate programs, general educational programs, School of Medicine programs, Clinical Research Training Program, and Health Services Research Training Program as they pertained to the Department of Health Studies (biostatistics and epidemiology).  Determined and promoted appropriate academic needs of faculty and students.  Assisted in development of course descriptions and curricula.  Created and managed student databases.  Coordinated admissions and orientation.  Assisted faculty in course administration, including student enrollment, book requests, reserves, teaching assistants, finals, grades, and evaluations.  Managed fiscal records relating to course costs.
Responsible for special projects including, but not limited to, production of the department's annual report, extensive research projects, and training grants.  Designed and maintained departmental website.  Assisted in writing department's procedure manual.  Oversaw administrative and fiscal management of the department library.

Trained and supervised clerical positions (secretary and administrative library assistant).  Acted as administrative proxy for Executive Administrator and/or Operations Manager when appropriate. 

Resigned to relocate to Minnesota.


National Forensic League High School Speech Judge (Part-Time)	1996-2001
Various Schools throughout Northwest Indiana
Assumed judging responsibilities for NFL-governed speech tournaments throughout Northwest Indiana.  Worked under high school speech coach.  Judged impromptu discussion, duo interpretation, dramatic interpretation, humorous interpretation, and original oratory.

Resigned to relocate to Minnesota.

Executive Assistant to the Chairman	1996-1998
University of Chicago, Department of Health Studies, Chicago, IL
Managed all clerical and administrative issues for the Chairman of the Department of Health Studies.  Duties included, but were not limited to, schedule management, travel accommodations, Dictaphone (including medical research papers to peer reviewed journals), phone management, handling of complex interpersonal, interdepartmental and inter-institutional communication.   

Maintained frequent and open dialogue on teaching and departmental administration issues on behalf of the Chair as he designated.  Created and developed professional interaction with physicians, program directors, Deans of Students in the Biological Sciences Division, Social Sciences Division, and the Harris School of Public Policy.  

Planned and executed special events on behalf of the Chairman, including research seminars on biostatistics, environmental statistics, survey methodology, epidemiology, clinical epidemiology, health services, health economics, and medical ethics and other public-health related areas.  Provided special event production for receptions and departmental celebrations.

Promoted within Department to Manager of Educational Programs.

Project Assistant	1993-1996
University of Chicago Hospitals, Department of Infection Control, Chicago, IL
Assisted Infection Control Practitioners with clerical and administrative projects throughout the department and the hospital.  Projects included reporting of all communicable diseases to the Illinois Department of Public Health, generation of surgical infection reports, educational programs for hospital staff, and general clerical duties.

Supported physicians, practitioners, and laboratory personnel with writing projects, papers for submission to peer reviewed journals, curriculum vitae, general written and verbal communication, and special other research projects.  Responsible for creation and management of all special events.

Transferred to Department of Health Studies when it was created.

Customer Service Representative	1991-1993
Sun Process, Inc., Elk Grove Village, IL
Acted as a first contact with customers.  Responsible to produce quotes, estimate lead times, and follow-up on production, shipment, and delivery of product.
	
Provided clerical and administrative support to the Inside Sales team as well as the Outside Sales team.  Functioned with a high level of autonomy in managing activities.  Performed general clerical duties.

Resigned to take employment in a field more suited to my major study in college.

Education and Training
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
Bachelor of Arts with Distinction, 1991

Coursework included English Literature (Major); Speech Communication (Minor)
Earned Deans List each semester; received overall GPA of 3.73/4.0
Graduated in three years (with Distinction)
Member of several academic honor societies, including Phi Beta Kappa
Student Speaker at the Freshman Induction Ceremony, 1990


Community Involvement

Farmington Community Schools Community Roundtable, Participant 2011-Present
P.E.O. (Philanthropic organization promoting and supporting women's education), Member, 2010-Present
Trinity Evangelical Free Church, Children's Computer and Welcome Center, Volunteer, 2010-Present
Farmington High School, Parent Volunteer, Speech Invitational, 2011
Meadowview Elementary School, Parent Volunteer, 2001-2011
Farmington High School, Young Americans, Parent Volunteer, 2010
Trinity Evangelical Free Church, Youth Leader, Volunteer, 2008-2010
MousePlanet.com (Disney World /Disneyland Travel Site), Community Leader, 2006-present
River Valley Church, Youth Leader, Volunteer, 2001-2007
Moms In Touch (non-denominational group supporting schools, teachers, and students in the area in which they live), Member, 2001-2008


Affiliations

National Forensic League, 1987
National Honor Society,1987
Phi Eta Sigma Honor Society, 1989
Alpha Lambda Delta Honor Society (Officer), 1989
Phi Beta Kappa Honor Society, 1991  (Active Supporting Member until 2010)






  
    academic
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    book
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    coach
  
  
    interpersonal
  
  
    databases
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Department of Health
  
  
    Dictaphone
  
  
    economics
  
  
    event production
    special events
  
  
    grants
  
  
    impromptu
  
  
    Inside Sales
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    listening
  
  
    managing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
  
  
    Outside Sales
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    piano
  
  
    progress
  
  
    proxy
  
  
    Speaker
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    speech
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    teaching
  
  
    phone
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    website
    website development
  
  
    composition
  


