
CURRICULAM VITAE 


KARTHIK.K                                                                        karks18@gmail.com
                                                                                                karthiks_yc@yahoo.co.in

Innovative, process oriented proactive team player with analytical and interactive and excellent data management abilities 

OBJECTIVE:

To continue advancement in the Fraud management &amp; Analytics field with the objective to expand and diversify my experience while capitalizing on my relationship building strength in a challenging environment.

PERSONAL STRENGTHS &amp; SKILLS :

Can take initiative and can work independently or as part of team. 
  Well organized and easily meets objectives. 
Good human relationships as well as good managing skills.
   Ability to move along with different people.
   Self-motivated and willing to learn.
   Extremely open to new ideas and suggestions.
   Good Communication skill and posses positive attitude.
   Willingness to work for extended hours.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

4+ Years Working Experience.

From May 2008 -  Jan 2010 : Worked for Vodafone Essar Cellular Ltd (associate payroll) in Fraud Management System &amp; Credit Monitoring.

From  July 2007 - March  2008 : Worked for Trinity Transcription as Asst.System Administrator.


Currently working as "  Senior Fraud Analytics Executive" in MACH Bangalore

Company Profile: MACH is a global DCH (Data Clearing House) company with offices and operations in 12 locations which support our worldwide client base. As the leading global clearing and settlement partner for mobile based transactions, our global client base comprises the leading international telecommunication companies. 

MACH helps global telecommunications companies and enterprises to secure and develop existing and new revenue streams and we also specialize in outsourced solutions within roaming clearing and billing, Interconnect and WLAN.

MACH is a proud member of the GSMA and CIBER industry organizations, contributing to workgroups for nearly two decades and implementing all mandatory standards on time. MACH currently serves 19 workgroups.

Detect Fraud and suspicious behaviour.

Make analysis of roaming subscriber behaviour instantly. 
Use latest characteristic of fraudulent behaviour.
Identify suspicious subscribers's early and set watch for proof of fraudulent activity.
PRS services fraud prevention.
Provide individual CDR information in sufficient form to allow operators to cost effectively manage roaming fraud.

Surveillance of detected suspicious behaviour. 

Research and detected suspicious subscribers.
Filter for potential fraudsters intensify surveillance if signs indicate pre-fraudulent behaviour.
Ensure instant alarm on high acceleration when frauds take-off and Search for clusters of IMSIs. 

Protective Action.

Alert operation to block IMSIs. 
Extend search for clusters among unused IMSIs using subscriber's characteristics. 
Record the characteristics of fraud case for future detection.

Establish Visibility of Roaming Partners. 

Managing of data TAP files and NRTRDE files provided by Visited networks (VPMN).
Reduce the required timeframe for delivery of fraud related roaming information from the VPMN to the HPMN from 36 hours to a maximum of 4 hours.
Ensure the data is of sufficient quality. 
Manage several records for the same subscriber.
Management HUR Reports.
Preparing Daily &amp; Monthly MIS.

MAIN CLIENTS

Swisscom
AT &amp; T
America Movil
Telephonic Spain, MTN Africa &amp; MTS Russia
Previous Job Profile In Vodafone Essar Cellular Ltd -   May 2008 - Jan 2010

As a Exceutive in Fraud Management System &amp; Credit Monitoring.

FRAUD MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Monitoring of High Usage Alarms and detection of frauds.
Monitoring of  Pre - paid - usage , Roaming &amp; top up Alarms.
Monitoring inroamers &amp; out roamers.
Regular feedback to revenue assurance on the instances of deviations found.
Recommend new thresholds that need to be built into the system.
Prepare Presentation on  risks and arrested frauds for management.
Tracking of fraudulent IMEIs for earlier detection on Subscription fraud.
Actioning of accounts by Barring out going calls or deactivating  depending to the instances.
Regular follow-up with collections &amp; Coordination with revenue assurance.
Responsible to tract all fraudulent  instances internal and external.
Preparing all MIS pertaining to FMS.


CREDIT MONTIORING 

Monitoring threshold limit assigned to the subscribers and barring of services when exceeded.
Auditing on new acquisitions &amp; fixing of credit limit.
Enhancement of Credit limit based on requests.
Higher services assigning based on customer categorization.
Revision of  Credit limit based on customer payment behavior.
Periodical upgrade and downgrade of customer profiling.
Auditing on Line release done on bill overdue accounts.
Data maintenance for ready references.
Preparing all MIS pertaining to Credit Monitoring.



SOFTWARES : MEGS, FAIRISSAC, IMSILookup, NCC, MDS configuration Tool, BSCS, CNCS, OSS, CRM, RANGER.


COMPUTER SKILLS

Windows OS and Microsoft Office.
C,C++,VISUAL BASIC.
MS ACCESS.

QUALIFICATION

BCA - BACHELOR OF COMPUTER APPLICATIONS - S.N.R &amp; SONS COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCE ( 2004-2007 ).


PERSONAL INFORMATION:


Date of Birth 	       	:     18th April 1987,

Fathers Name               	:     Kannapiran R.

Gender                          	:     Male,

Marital Status	        	:     Single,

Permanent Address	   	:     87/c , Ramasamy street, SIHS colony, Aero drome (PO),
	                         Coimbatore-641014.

Contact No	          	:     +919972125218

Languages Known	     	:     English ,Tamil.

Nationality                       	:     Indian.



HOBBIES 

Playing Cricket (played for local clubs in TN).



DECLARATION:
 
                 I hereby declare the above information furnished is to the best of my knowledge.



 LOCATION:   Bangalore                                                                                    Regard's
                                                                                                                              
  DATE :                                                                                                               (Karthik K)
                                                                                                              

  
  
                                                                                                                               



  
    acquisitions
  
  
    Auditing
  
  
    billing
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CREDIT
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    CLIENTS
    client
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    English
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    MS ACCESS
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Windows OS
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    MTS
  
  
    networks
  
  
    OSS
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Research
  
  
    System Administrator
  
  
    telecommunications
    telecommunication
  
  
    Transcription
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    VISUAL BASIC
  


