
Albert J. Hreha, Jr.
8 Dubel Road    Wayne, NJ 07470
Home: 973.694.6387
al.hreha@hotmail.com
Mobile:  973.652.6940

Innovative HR, Financial Shared Services and Corporate Real Estate leader who provides essential services in extraordinary ways, while continually achieving excellence through adding significant value and enhancing company performance. Outstanding project management skills with a reputation for consistently bringing projects in on time and on budget. Experience includes roles in finance, human resources, shared services, facilities and real estate. Areas of emphasis include:
Global Process Design
BPO / Reengineering
Six Sigma Analytics
Change Management
HRIS/Payroll/AP/Travel
Government Accounting
Project Management
Corporate Real Estate
Facility/Construction Mgmt

SIGNIFICANT QUALIFICATIONS

Established and successfully managed ITT's Corporate Shared Service organization that provided HR, Benefits, Payroll, Policy, Real Estate, A/P, Travel and Accounting services for all ITT companies in North America.
Designed/executed HR Transformation Projects: developed a comprehensive implementation plan, cost models, required resources (HR/IT), Service Delivery Models, reengineered processes and ROI.
Direct Global Real Estate activities for 585 facilities worldwide with lease/operating expenses exceeding $211 million annually.  Effectively managed large construction projects and facilities.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Director, Corporate Real Estate (2008-2010)
Single point of contact for managing and coordinating ITT's Global Real Estate activities for 585 facilities worldwide with lease/operating expenses exceeding $211 million annually. Led HQ construction projects and managed facilities. Managed HQ Administrative Services and Facility.
Oversaw strategic and tactical goals to appropriately position ITT's global portfolio to meet the requirements of company's domestic and international businesses, while maximizing the value of the portfolio and maintaining a high level of customer service.
Led two highly visible construction projects: ITT's $14 million new corporate HQ in White Plains, NY and ITT's new $3 million IT Center of Excellence in Hanover, MD.
Designed, persuaded, influenced and brought senior executives to consensus which drove change to create a more social, innovative, collaborative working environment which reflected ITT's new culture and vision.
Albert J. Hreha, Jr.	Page Two

Director, Corporate Real Estate continued
Selected locations; negotiated leases; and acquired incentives with NY State (grant $1 million) and the IDA-Westchester County (sales tax relief $500 thousand).
Both projects completed on time/on budget and exceeded employees/senior executives/Board of Directors expectations.  
Negotiated 2010 Leases saving $14.5 million in rent reduction, tenant improvements and free rent.  Secured $15 million savings in 2009.
Established and implemented program for Local, State, County &amp; International Grants, Tax Incentives and Tax Abatements. Responsibility encompassed: negotiations, implementation, program tracking and yearly compliance reporting. Awarded $7.2 million in incentives 2009-2011.
Negotiated a strategic partnership with a Real Estate Firm providing ITT with significant discounted fees and free services, representing $7.4 million savings over the last 4 years.
Developed and maintain ITT's Real Estate Database, providing ITT with key facilities data, as well as a repository for leases, deeds, insurance and ESH information.
Partnered with ITT senior leadership, the facilities rationalization and acquisition teams to identify business opportunities, set objectives and recommend strategies to better define ITT's global footprint in a timely and cost effective manner.

Director, Human Resources/Financial Shared Services (1995-2008)
Established and managed ITT's Corporate Human Resources/Financial Shared Service organization which provided HR, Benefits, Payroll, Policy, Real Estate and Travel Accounting for all ITT North America.
Led a Global HR Transformation Project that improved: employee service and satisfaction; flow of information/data from and to employees for more informed decision-making; accuracy of HR transactions; reduced cycle time and costs; while ensuring effective people management and alignment with ITT's business goals and values.
Resulted in solution recommendation that provided: one global HRIS; simplified HR systems environment; reduced systems maintenance expenses; and standardized global processes.
Executed a comprehensive plan demonstrating cost models, identified required resources (HR/IT), developed Service Delivery Models, re-engineered processes and improved ROI.
Achieved annual savings of $12 million through standardization and reengineering efforts.  Lowered ITT's total payroll cost by 80.6% to a $1.39 per paycheck; maintained that price for 6 straight years.
Reduced Accounts Payable invoice resolution from 3 weeks to 2 days through process improvements and automation.
Initiated and successfully implemented Employee Self Service and On-line Benefits enrollment resulting in 98% customer satisfaction.
Transformed US-centric HR policies through leading a global team of HR professionals resulting in a comprehensive, standardized inclusive program reflecting the global needs of ITT.
Leveraged understanding of ITT's financial drivers to better align shared services team to successfully achieve the business objectives.
Member of Acquisition Teams integrating newly acquired businesses into ITT's accounting systems, services and practices.

Manager, Business Systems Reengineering (1991-1995)
Key leader and decision maker that provided guidance and business reengineering across the ITT Defense group's financial, contract, logistics, manufacturing and procurement organizations..
Led initiative to eliminate multiple redundant systems which resulted in one common, standard suite of business applications across all of the Defense companies.  Realized improved system applications, better reporting, shortened cycle times, best practices, and cost savings to the Corporation
Albert J. Hreha, Jr.	Page Three

Manager, Business Systems Reengineering continued
Developed a Six Sigma Program for Finance that has been recognized throughout ITT as an innovative, successful and realistic way to attain EXCELLENCE in any organization through process improvement.  Presented program to the US Inspector General of Education, Association of Government Accountants, ITT European &amp; US Controllers and Internal Auditing.
Directed a team of cost accountants to successfully implement the first electronic time card system (Jamis) within ITT Defense capable of handling Defense Contractor requirements.
Utilized an innovative approach to connectivity (Citrix servers) and implemented the Hyperion Financial Reporting System within ITT Defense &amp; ITT Electronic Components.

Manager, Treasury &amp; Financial Services (1986-1990)
Managed payroll, accounts payable, accounts receivable, cost accounting, government billing (DD-250's, Progress Payments), travel and treasury.
Research, purchased and implemented a Travel Expenses system (Traveltime/Concur) that could handle the new travel accounting rules for Defense contractors. Ensured only allowable expenses could be charged to government contracts. Developed new travel policies and trained all employees.  Negotiated vendor agreements for credit card, limo, and travel services.
Improved cash flow by implemented three changes to receivables process: streamlined internal billing process, shortened receivable cycle with customer and obtained alternate progress payment rates for various contracts.

Project Accountant, Project Accounting (1983-1985)
Provided Project Accounting analysis, cost control and proposal support for various Government Contracts including fixed price, coat plus, and time and material (T&amp;M).
Designed and wrote (utilizing IBM's TIF 4/GL) ITT's first automated Billing System, significantly reducing the preparation of T&amp;M billings from 40 hours to 2 hours, thereby improving cash flow.
Spearheaded the use of Personal Computers and Word Processing/Spreadsheet software in the accounting function.  Developed a training program and assisted with application development.


SANDVIK, INCORPORATED, Industrial Cutting Tools, Fairlawn, NJ	1981-1983
Plant Controller


SINGER KEARFOTT, subsidiary/Singer Sewing Machine, Defense Contractor, Little Falls, NJ 1977-1981
Financial Analyst

EDUCATION, PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT &amp; AWARDS

FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON UNIVERSITY, Teaneck, NJ
Masters of Business Administration Degree, Major: Finance, February 1982

RAMAPO COLLEGE OF NEW JERSEY, Mahwah, NJ
Bachelor of Science Degree, June 1976
Major: Business Administration and Metropolitan Studies; Minor: Accounting

UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING
Value Based Six Sigma - Green Belt Certification, October 2002

ASHRIDGE MANAGEMENT COLLEGE, Basingstoke, England
ITT Strategic Management Program, September 2002

Albert J. Hreha, Jr.	Page Four

EDUCATION, PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT &amp; AWARDS continued
ITT's President Award for process improvements implemented to bring about an ITT success story with Shared Services.
ITT's Best Practice Award for process improvements implemented in Accounts Payable to achieve favorable Working Capital and Cash Flow goals.
ITT's Ring of Quality Silver Certificate Award for Cash Flow Optimization.



  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    accounting systems
  
  
    accounts payable
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    ADP
  
  
    application development
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Auditing
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Benefits
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Billing System
    billings
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Systems
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    Ceridian
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    cost accounting
  
  
    cost control
    cost reduction
  
  
    credit
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Database
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    Delivery
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    Financial Reporting
  
  
    GL
  
  
    Government
    government
  
  
    Grants
  
  
    HRIS
  
  
    Human Resources
    HR
  
  
    Hyperion
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    people management
    managing
  
  
    98
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    process improvement
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Progress
    progress
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    Reengineering
    reengineering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Shared Service
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    Spreadsheet
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Tax
    tax
  
  
    treasury
  
  
    vision
  
  
    Word Processing
  


