
Patrick J. Cush
1593 E HWY 114 Boyd, TX 76023
C: (321) 202-5695 * iceman3@airmail.net
Network Security Engineer/Senior Architect
Track record of leading global-scale, multimillion-dollar IT projects to successful fruition; manage and maintain technical teams as large as 80 cross-functional members with a focused approach. 
Innovate enterprise-wide IT solutions to complex business problems using a cross-pollination of technologies to streamline operations, improve efficiencies, and cut costs
Build project engagement and cohesion toward common goals across diverse groups of staff, management, customers, and vendors
Accomplished IT professional offering 10+ years of documented achievements across a broad range of technologies, industries, and global marketplaces. Track record of performance at the highest levels to fully achieve company, customer, and project objectives. Strong work ethic. Excellent skill in management fields. Areas of expertise include:
IT Strategy Planning &amp; Management
Project Lifecycle Management
Enterprise System Development
Team Building &amp; Leadership
System Implementation &amp; Integration
E-Commerce &amp; Workflow Solutions
Software Design &amp; Engineering
Security / Identity Management Systems
End-User Training
Business Requirements Analysis
Client &amp; Vendor Relationships
Operational Improvements
Professional Highlights
Astrum, Inc., Dallas, TX 2007-2009
Senior Engineer/Architect
Direct teams of in-house and outside consultants in design and development of Linux based security solutions. Responsible for scoping projects while maintaining a budget of $500,000 annually. Development of white papers and testing procedures as well as lectures for prospective clients as well as trade shows. Reported to the President and presented weekly updates of various projects based on project plans and budget updates for investors.
Some of the major components of the solution were an identity management backbone constructed through a BI policy filter which made calls to a cipher broker based upon a HSM card for security. The appliance itself was tested to work in a multi operating system environment so I used my knowledge of Microsoft and *ix technologies to make it operate without the need to change client topologies.
Code was written in Java and C with drivers being developed for the Suse Linux Enterprise Server 64 version.
Novell, Inc., Dallas, TX 2002-2007
Senior Architect / Technical Project &amp; Team Leader
Direct teams of in-house and outside consultants in large-scale projects to implement a broad range of Novell software solutions in client companies. Involved in development of the core architecture to optimize performance of the Novell business solutions. Liaison with clients; provide on-site technical training to client staff. Write custom solutions in multiple programming languages to extend the software capability for clients. Selected projects include: 
Dell: Architected and Integrated a Linux server configuration management system for ease of deployment for various distributions of Linux, Unix and Microsoft servers in there center. Developed custom pre and post install shell scripts to perform various tasks at the appropriate time.
DoD (Sandia): Installed two different configuration management systems. The first system was allowed to use dhcp so I integrated with the pxe boot for loading various server images at boot time other additions/subtractions were done by a scheduled cron job deploying to the server. The second was a static ip based configuration management system, because of security, in this sub infrastructure I was able to push configurations based on xml data which held the configuration data for the specific servers to be configured.
Oracle Install Scripts: Developed a set of scripts that wrapped around the oracle silent install and read a config file that was produced by question response offered to the user when installing oracle on the server.  
The Gap: Led a cross functional team consisting of customer, IBM and Novell personal in a POS deployment architecture. Integrated existing directory solution and new IRES 2.0 technology from IBM along with POS software in order to develop, integrate and launch a successful new POS system for the Gap at a global level.  Wrote custom perl and shell scripts to configure thin client machines from the Linux deployment server.
UrbanOutfitters: Led a team of technical staff to deploy a new POS solution. Brought into the project with three weeks until rollout. Due to technical issues once I was onsite I evaluated the executive required timelines and reviewed the issues technical staff was having with the POS rollout. Being able to understand both the business requirements from the executives and well as the technical issues was able to restructure the project to exceed the rollout by three days finishing the project on time and under budget.
AAFES: Oversaw a team from IBM to develop and integrate a new POS system for all PX?s worldwide. Though the project was able to direct to staffing the required skill sets needed by the project and time frame of each task due to the ability to understand and bring together the business requirements and the complex infrastructure already in place. Since placing the right technical skill at the right time on site was able to shorten development and deployment.  
Daimler Chrysler: Formed and led a cross-functional team in developing a $4 million CRM/sales solution that included an identity management solution, back-end database, and web interface. Enabled a 50% reduction in on-hand inventory at dealer locations; ease of access to customer data allowed for more targeted marketing initiatives. 
Commerce Bank: Led a team of technical staff to create a system for secure user transactions with a centralized repository for customer data. Integrated with HR and other business systems throughout the banking enterprise. Served as the foundation for the bank to offer a customized ATM solution for customers. Designed a JBoss solution middle layer for the systems to utilize to see acceptable levels of ROI.  
Pareto Systems: Launched a customized solution with a more fault-tolerant architecture and introduced best-of-breed principals for software design and engineering. Increased architecture uptime to 98% and cut time to sync new features into the product by 40% through automation and integration of best architectural practices. 
Carlson Marketing Group: Oversaw a $7 million project to develop and implement the SOAP architecture for a new infrastructure. Decreased on-site maintenance by 85% by improving logistics between staff and vendor groups. Utilized JBoss as the middle tier in this solution and provided JBoss training to Carlson for developing future solutions utilizing JBoss. 
Devon Energy: Project managed the architecture, installation, and configuration of an identity management and password synchronization solution. Lowered help desk calls by 95%, improved staff efficiency, and increased system usability for staff, saving the company thousands of dollars. 
Western Union: Deployed a JBoss application server to illustrate the power of JBoss as a middleware piece in their new solution for a Datacenter refresh currently underway. Presented java code to developers to illustrate the ease of running JBoss in their current environment.
X Generation Design, Inc., Dallas, Texas 1991-2002
Programmer / Analyst  Consultant
Managed a diverse range of IT development, implementation, and reengineering projects; directed technical teams in client organizations. Specialized in intranet, e-commerce, and client/server solutions. 
Designed and developed a front end website for an e-commerce company that included the ability to auto complete and validate required form fields. Increased site usability and improved the user purchasing experience. 
Developed and deployed a Palm application for doctors at a local health clinic to simplify entry and management of client information. Decreased data entry time by 40%. 
Marconi Telecommunications: Leveraged existing technologies to create a solution to gather, process, and search test engineering data from the field for use by corporate to control costs. Built real-time client/server applications to monitor product quality. Enabled early resolution of problems and lowered costs from rework by 85%.   
University Medical Center:
Managed a group of 10 developers and network personnel to create and implement back-end technology (to utilize transaction, certification, and application servers), data storage solutions, automation tools, and workflow solutions. Optimized current technologies at a zero net cost for deployment. Trained staff on new technologies to optimize ROI. 
Evaluated a set of technologies to provide a remote working solution with secure access to patient data for medical transcriptionists and physicians. Coordinated team of network staff in developing a new infrastructure backbone for data sharing between systems. Increased ROI by 80%, decreased staff workload by 50%, and cut overhead costs. 
Led project to design an automated workflow system, dramatically reducing operating costs and increasing the efficiency of processes by 60% while maintaining full HIPPA compliance. 
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
University of North Texas, Denton, Texas
Extensive technical certifications and professional development training
GUIDE 2.0 Certified
API 2.0 Certified
Mosaix Supervisor Training
JBoss Certified Consultant
Java Certified
Sentinel 7administration
Novell Identity Manager Password Synchronization and Management
Introduction to Novell Identity Manager Roles Based Provisioning Module 3.7
Introduction to Novell Sentinel Log Manager
Novell Identity Manager Entitlements from Creation to Completion
Installation and Configuration of SecureLogin 7.0
SOPHOS Encryption Appliance and Architecture
Linux
Advanced technical expertise across a broad range of technologies including various operating systems, integrated networking solutions, programming languages, enterprise-class software, enterprise architecture, and software. Full listing available upon request.  



  
    API 2.0
  
  
    Architect
  
  
    ATM
  
  
    automation
  
  
    automation tools
  
  
    banking
  
  
    budget
  
  
    BI
  
  
    business solutions
  
  
    business systems
  
  
    C
  
  
    client/server
  
  
    configuration management
    config
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    database
  
  
    cipher
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    dhcp
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    features
  
  
    frame
  
  
    functional
  
  
    help desk
  
  
    HR
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    ip
  
  
    Java
    java
  
  
    JBoss
  
  
    languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    listening
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Marconi
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    access
  
  
    98
  
  
    middleware
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    operating system
  
  
    Oracle
    oracle
  
  
    PCI
  
  
    perl
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    POS
  
  
    processes
  
  
    programming
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    pxe
  
  
    quality
  
  
    read
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    reengineering
  
  
    sales
  
  
    server configuration
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    shell scripts
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    software design and engineering
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    technical training
  
  
    white papers
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    website
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    written
  
  
    xml
  


