
LUIS M. JASMINOY
Continued	2	



LUIS M. JASMINOY	
Avda. Pueyrredon #2362-6to Piso * Buenos Aires,  Argentina
	Cell 54-9-11-4470-5868 - luis2205@gmail.com

Bilingual Sales Executive with Global Multi-Million Dollar Growth History
Sales &amp; Business Development Executive VP, Director Latin American Market 

Career Highlights

Conceptualized and directed the start up of several Latin American telecommunication companies that became highly successful multi-national corporations.
Achieved exceptional sales growth of US$6MM in less than a year, directly generating 90% of that revenue.
Transformed a small telecommunications systems supplier into an eight-figure leading edge, well established provider of IVR, computer telecommunications integration (CTI) and call center solutions for Latin America.
Negotiated a multi-million dollar deal with America Movil, the largest corporate sale ever accomplished for this telephony company, still impacting revenues and profitability.
Build and lead a team of 20 through legal and technical negotiations with the Argentine Department of Communications to secure a wireless license.  Negotiations included exchanges with their Brazilian counterparts.
Graduated with an MBA from one of the top 25 Business Schools in the world, ranked by the Financial Times.
Core Competencies

	Business Development	    Telecommunications Expertise	Strategic Alliances
	Sales Management	    Multinational Start Ups	Latin American Operations
	Entrepreneurial self-starter	    Results oriented                          English, Spanish &amp; Portuguese

Professional Experience

Trixbox Latin America                                                                                            2010-Present
  BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR  LATIN AMERICA-- Buenos Aires, Argentina
Trixbox is a leading provider of fixed-mobile convergence and wireless solutions for enterprises.(Mirus Teknologia customer)

Direct the development and execution of business sales strategy for emerging markets and products/services in the fast growing mobile market to produce strong company, and earnings growth. Manage marketing and strategic planning programs, market research, partner development, and corporate communications to facilitate new and existing client relationships and development.
Accelerates sales growth for Trixbox new IP enterprise mobility solutions.
Drive and empower strong links with partner sales teams to establish Trixbox as go to partner in the region.
Start and increase relationships with key partner executives in the region to assure Trixbox commitment and mind share

Sepura plc.                                                                                                                                   2009- 2010                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER LATIN AMERICA - Buenos Aires, Argentina

US$125MM UK Company. Leader in design and supply of digital mobile radios.

Build, design and manage channel network in Latin America improving revenue and profitability, raising revenues by 85 percent producing US$ 3MM in channel sales in one year.
Create a go-to market team that serves all tiers of channels and customers.
Establish and maintain strong relationships with the channel's partners, improving the interactions to deliver maximum value to all parties involved. 
Effectively manage the transition to the new channel network and leverage channel characteristics to build sustainable competitive advantage, wining large and important business in Latin America.
Implement training programs and tools creating a post-sales customer support system at lower costs while improving customer satisfaction and make it available for all the channels, and enable easily to gain access timely and accurate product information and technical expertise. 
Developed a unique business system to leverage channels and build lasting and strong competitive advantages.

    Fonality Inc.	2007-2009

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR- SOUTH AMERICA - Buenos Aires, Argentina

US$25 MM U.S. Corporation. Cloud-based VoIP and Unified Communications solutions.	

Lead company launch in Latin America generating US$1.2MM in initial software sales and estimating revenues of US$4MM in two years and US$12MM three years after Latin American operations startup.
Recruit and manage a network of over 25 regional channel partners.
Achieved 10% overall company sales within the region exceeding monthly sales goals while managing a team of five sales executives, technical support and administrative staff.  
Develop and provide reseller sales training, product information and technical support platform in Spanish.
Establish and maintain long-term customer relationships with new prospects and existing clients including distributors, resellers and technical support teams.
	
Zultys Technologies 	2003-2006

REGIONAL SALES  DIRECTOR- SOUTH AMERICA - Buenos Aires, Argentina

US$50 MM U.S. Company providing telephony systems in Latin America.

Opened Latin American markets for IP PBX systems and led the start up of the company while developing sales regions in six countries (Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Chile, Colombia and Venezuela).
Achieved sales of US$3.5MM in 30 months with innovative marketing strategies for pioneering technology.
Exceeded sales quota by over 50% each year for three consecutive years
Trained and managed a staff of three to surpass goals while providing training and technical support to distributors.

Aivicom USA Corp.	2001-2003

SALES  DIRECTOR - U.S. - Miami, FL 

 Argentine company that provides audio and video production services for corporate clients, with offices now in the U.S. 

Led U.S. launch of company, developing business strategies that earned Fortune 500 clients such as Lucent Technologies, Walt Disney World and Lancome, successfully penetrating corporate presentation market. 
Generated US$1.8MM in sales in the first year of operations.
Negotiated long-term contract with the State of Florida to provide audio, video and software production for special events, still being honored today.  

Cosine Communications	1998-2001

SALES DIRECTOR - Buenos Aires, Argentina

Advanced Internet service delivery (IP)  platforms for telecommunications carriers.

Developed an aggressive market expansion to capture emerging markets for IP Platforms, and achieved sales of US$1MM by the first year and of US$3MM by the second year. 
Positioned company as market leader by negotiating with key clients and designing solutions-based sales strategies.
Established several new key accounts with major South American telecommunications companies in Argentina, Chile, Peru, and Uruguay, including Telef&#243;nica, Telecom, and Entel Chile.

   Ameritel	1997-1999

SALES DIRECTOR - Buenos Aires, Argentina

Premier supplier of critical interactive voice response (IVR) applications for telecommunications markets.

Led sales and business development closing deals worth US$6MM in less than a year, with major companies such as RepsolYPF (the largest oil company in Latin America), Telecom and Telef&#243;nica de Argentina.
Directed 25 sales executives, technicians, engineers, and administrative staff leading exponential growth process.
Managed 90% of all corporate sales, turning a small operation into a large company in two years.

Telesystem International Wireless (TIW)	1995-1998

MANAGING DIRECTOR FOR ARGENTINA - Buenos Aires, Argentina 

Global mobile Canadian communications operator that operates cellular networks in Europe, Asia, and Latin America.

Led market launch in Argentina including playing a key role in securing a wireless license with the country's telecommunications regulatory agency.
Managed all aspects of starting the new business including strategic planning and new business development while planning  logistics for a company of 3,000 employees.
Directed a licensing process, negotiating and winning the license to conduct cellular phone communications in Argentina. Managed legal and administrative process succeeding at achieving corporate goal.


Ringer S.A.	1982 - 1994

SALES &amp; MARKETING VP / FOUNDER - Buenos Aires, Argentina 

Multi-million dollar exclusive Distributor for Nortel in Argentina with 150 employees.

Directed all departments, developed business and entire network of direct sales and channel distributors, earning US$24MM in revenues and 60% of Argentina PBX market share as Nortel Networks exclusive distributor.
Closed multi-million dollar sales with global corporations, being the first to sell Nortel SDH systems to Telecom and Telef&#243;nica de Argentina, and becoming the largest PBX distributor in Latin America in less than three years.
Successfully completed buyout operation to Nortel Networks for more than US$24MM.


Education

Universidad Austral - IAE Business School	
Master in Business Administration - Buenos Aires, Argentina 

Universidad Tecnologica Nacional
Mobile Communications Specialist - Buenos Aires, Argentina	
   Digital Media and Social Marketing Specialist - Buenos Aires, Argentina   
   
   Universidad Argentina de la Empresa	
Bachelor of Arts in Marketing - Buenos Aires, Argentina

Skills and Interests

English, Spanish, and Portuguese
Rugby Coach for advanced division at Club Universitario de Buenos Aires. Specialized in scrum and invited to South Africa to teach scrum to South African regional team from Tygerberg, 2007 - Present.
10K marathon runner, USA and Argentina, 1990 - Present.












R&#233;sum&#233; continues	1		

		




  
    administrative
  
  
    Premier
  
  
    approach
  
  
    agency
  
  
    audio
  
  
    business development
    Business Development
  
  
    business strategies
  
  
    C
  
  
    closing
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    corporate communications
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    direct sales
  
  
    English
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    special events
  
  
    fast
  
  
    financial
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    IP
  
  
    interactive voice response
    IVR
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    access
  
  
    negotiating
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    network
    Networks
    networks
  
  
    new business development
  
  
    Nortel
  
  
    oil
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    plc
  
  
    Portuguese
  
  
    producing
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Sales Management
  
  
    sales training
  
  
    SDH
  
  
    self-starter
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Strategic Alliances
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    telecommunications
    Telecom
    Telecommunications
  
  
    telephony
    phone
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    unique
  
  
    video
  
  
    video production
  
  
    VoIP
  


