
David McKee        
Sales / Business Development	              
davidw_mckee@yahoo.com 
972 467-7712
Plano, TX 75025                         
	
Leveraged experience and innate mental agility to discover develop and execute closing plans tailored to meet specific customer needs.  Distinguished communication, prospecting, networking, selling, and high-level account management customer service skills.  A creative problem solver with tested abilities in conceptual and consultative sales and account management at all levels of corporate leadership.  


 


EXPERIENCE
	
CodePartners, LLC., Dallas, TX	     2008 to 2010	
Software development nearshoring firm for product design, application maintenance and software testing.  
Business Development Manager
Designed Sales and Marketing programs for software development, design, implementation and integration services for ebusiness and ecommerce with a focus on CRM and ERP.
Established a Development Partner relationship for Sage Software - Australia.
Opened a new software development offering for the healthcare market.
Created a new market in the non-profit sector, produced new projects and revenue streams.
Utilized prospecting and networking to develop clients, which included expanding existing relationships and lead follow up.  
Paladin Logic, Ltd., Irving, TX                                                                                         		                                    2007 to 2008
Recruited as a Co-Founder for a startup Consulting Services Company specializing in the architecture of software applications utilizing the IBM Unified Process methodology.  			
Chief Sales and Marketing Officer	                         
Set decisive marketing direction which included devising, developing and guiding implementation of business development and marketing plans. 		
Designed and launched organization to provide services to Fortune 500 and Government Sector as a SDVOSB (Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business).
Procured certified agreements with the Federal government.
Initiated relationships with L-3 Communications, Lockheed Martin and government organizations.

Entaq, Inc., Dallas, TX                                                                                            		                                    2005 to 2007
A BMC Software Business Partner delivering and supporting software and technology services focusing on Service Desk and information technology security.
Sales and Business Development				                         
Responsible for selling software products, solutions and services to current and prospective accounts.  
Leveraged expertise in sales/business development, account management, business planning and as Project Manager. 
Delivered software solutions and professional services to global accounts including NASA, HP, Boeing and Goldman Sachs.   
Exceeded revenue objectives by over 28% each year.
Fortified BMC Software partnership at a time when BMC eliminated 40% of their Partners.





Recall Total Information Management, Dallas, TX                                                		                                    2002 to 2005
One of the world's largest providers of Information Management Solutions and Services.
Senior Account Representative						           
Recruited to develop digital document imaging market working with IT Managers.
Primary owner for qualification of prospects, marketing, new sales and account management. 
Solely responsible for identifying and closing the largest contract in Recall history - $11 million.
Opened new market - Healthcare - creating revenue stream of $11 million.
Account generated +500% of annual quota.
Client dictated, additional role as Account Manager and Project Manager for the largest account in North America. 
Accountable as primary point of contact for day-to-day account management securing client revenue retention and revenue growth for largest accounts, per client's directive.
Developed rapport, and built trust, which served as foundation for strong customer relationships.
BMC Software, Dallas, TX                                                                                       	                                                  2000 to 2001
Leading provider of enterprise management software solutions and professional services that empower companies to manage IT.  Solutions span enterprise systems, applications, databases and service management.		
Account Manager                                                                                           
Responsible for Account Management, business development and prospecting of accounts while providing enterprise software and service solutions to decision-makers of the Fortune 500.		
Exceeded annual quota by 40%.
Rebuilt client relationships at the Executive Level with companies such as Perot Systems/Dell, which directly resulted in over $3 million in revenue.  
Managed support team of 16 people, while representing over 200 software products.  
Collective Technologies, Dallas, TX                                                                         		                                    1998 to 2000
Enterprise-class consulting services enabling companies to design build and manage IT infrastructures.
District Business Manager                                                                                           
Sales revenue increase exceeded 400%.
Generated profit in only 6 months in a territory, which had not produced a profit in over 4 years.
Improved bill rate from lowest in the country to the 2nd highest, which was a 360% increase.
Supervised profit and loss of business unit. Coordinated all aspects of sales, customer support and staffing requirements.  
Led Project Management ensuring client objectives were met at C-Level.  
Strategically improved revenue 20% without additional headcount in year two.
Initiated and developed revenue generating relationships with business partners such as SUN, Microsoft, IBM Global Services and Red Hat LINUX with Fortune 500.
Recruited, trained and managed a staff of 14 business professionals.  
Managed client relationships, built revenue flow then secured future revenue growth via strong customer relationships. 
Additional Accomplishments 
Sales representative on team selected as "Vendor of the Year" by Texas Instruments, Malcolm Baldrige Quality award winner.
Attained membership in 100% Incentive Club over 90% participation throughout career.  
Solely responsible for largest sale in company history. 
Formulated and applied strategic and tactical plans, including national contracts with international accounting firms.
Designed and managed training curricula for a 100+ person sales team over 3 years.
Directed 70% of sales trainees to membership in the 100% Incentive Club over 3 years.

Volunteer:  A founding member, currently serving on the leadership team for Frisco Connect.  Frisco Connect is Stonebriar Community Church's (a 4,000 member non-denominational church in Frisco, Texas) ministry for those in job transition.  Frisco Connect is a comprehensive job networking, skill development and support group service for those in the Dallas/Ft. Worth Metroplex in search of employment.  My role provides strategic and hands-on input in the design, communication and implementation of this program impacting upwards of +200 participants each month.

Education: BBA, McCombs School of Business, University of Texas, Austin.  
Full Athletic Scholarship-All-American award.                                                                                                                      








  
    Account Management
    account management
  
  
    accounting
  
  
    business development
    Business Development
  
  
    business intelligence
  
  
    business planning
  
  
    C
  
  
    closing
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    data management
  
  
    databases
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    product design
  
  
    direction
  
  
    ecommerce
  
  
    ebusiness
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    focus
  
  
    Government
    government
  
  
    HP
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    international business
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Lockheed Martin
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    networking
  
  
    profit
  
  
    profit and loss
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    rapport
  
  
    Red Hat LINUX
  
  
    Sage
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Software development
    software development
  
  
    software testing
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    SUN
  


