
Jessica Dircks Graphic Designer - www.jdircksdesign.com - JLDircks@yahoo.com
8640 Auto Center Drive, Apartment 43 - Buena Park, CA 90621 - 443.812.9927

Profile
The edge I bring to the graphic design industry is a captivating uniqueness that not only satisfies client design needs but also surpasses expectations. I establish a lasting impression by employing a balance between imagination and practicality to convey an effective design solution.  I'm an energetic collaborator who is detail oriented and passionate about design. This enthusiasm is what drives me to continually enhance my performance and provide exemplary results.

Experience
Observera, Inc. - Graphic Designer
   Chantilly, Virginia
   7/08 - 8/11
 Designed corporate identity from initial concept to final production, including attributes of logo and masthead, website, business cards, templates, brochures, facility signage, and a 10 foot trade show display booth.
Directly reported to Chief Financial Officer, Chief Engineering Officer and Project Manager to redevelop brand that encapsulated market share.
Implemented robust layout and format design for a proprietary imagery analysis course in PowerPoint. Structured and produced a 500+ page printed workbook as well as softcopy for distribution among participants of an Intelligence Community course.
Developed a theme for off-site company-wide anniversary/corporate strategy meeting. Project entailed generating travel documentation, location information and emblem to characterize the event through gifts, apparel and themed products.
Created product and logotype development of company consumables such as brochures, DVDs, DVD packaging, and trade show giveaways.


Skills
Proficient in translating original concepts into tangible design.
Knowledgeable with hand coding HTML and CSS as well as implementing JavaScript and jQuery.
Excellent attention to detail from project inception to completion.
Understanding of time requirements of each design process and experienced with meeting critical deadlines of multiple projects in an organized manner.
Accomplished digital photographer, illustrator and typographer within the design community. 
Talented at proofreading and writing original copy. 
Experienced with Adobe Creative Suite and organization of files, both online as well as locally.
Familiar with video editing programs such as Adobe Premiere, Adobe After Effects, and Apple Final Cut Pro.
Charismatic and energetic attitude with design collaboration, public speaking, group presentations, and client communications.

Education
The Art Institute of York Pennsylvania
Associate Degree in Specialized Technology, 
June 2008
Major: Graphic Design     GPA: 3.67
 
Pennsylvania State University
York, Pennsylvania
Earned 47.5 credits in Engineering	Honors
Alpha Beta Kappa National Honor Society
Selected as 1 of 2 students to represent Art Institute of York at Open House
Student Government Association
Officer at Art Institute of York




Software
Photoshop
Illustrator
InDesign
ImageReady	Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Dreamweaver
Flash		








  
    Adobe
  
  
    Adobe After Effects
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Adobe Premiere
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    Art
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    business cards
  
  
    CAD
  
  
    concept
  
  
    corporate identity
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    client
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    DVD
  
  
    Fashion
    fashion
  
  
    Final Cut Pro
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    Flash
  
  
    Government
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Illustrator
    illustrator
  
  
    ImageReady
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    layout
  
  
    logo
  
  
    Market
    market
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Microsoft PowerPoint
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    page
  
  
    photographer
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    coding
  
  
    proofreading
  
  
    public speaking
  
  
    quality
  
  
    sales
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Structured
  
  
    translating
  
  
    video editing
  
  
    website
  


