
Marketing, Product Development &amp; Demand Creation  

Mobile  (804) 349-9455
Web: http://www.graham-mcinnes.com/
Email: Graham@Graham-McInnes.com
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=5471756
Slideshare: http://www.slideshare.net/GrahamMcInnes1	



Objective 	




Secure a position with a dynamic organization prepared for an extended period of growth delivered through touch point engineering and creating a positive, professional, motivated culture.  


Skill	Application	

Director of Marketing		2004 - 2006
Responsible for the creation and management of all advertising and marketing activities designed to drive new customer acquisition, increase ARPU and improve customer loyalty for both residential (B2C) and business (B2B) segments. Activities included- brand development, product positioning, marketing strategies, creative direction, media placement, performance analysis, product launches, budgetary management, internal communications, public relations, web site development and search engine optimization.  

Key Achievements
* 34% Revenue growth (2Q04 - 2Q05)
* 42% Reduction in advertising cost per acquisition (CPA $68 to $39)
* Total website overhaul and relaunch (www.cavtel.com)
* Achieved top search term positions for 150+ keywords and phrases 
* 400% online order growth (2Q04 -2Q05)
* Successful product launches of ADSL2+ , IPTV 
* 70% DSL subscriber growth (2Q04 - 2Q05)
* Speaker, 2006 OSG conference (New York NY 2006)




Employment  History 	




	LaDIFF&#201;RENCE, Inc was a $6 Million international furnishings retailer operating in historic downtown Richmond, VA with one location and 32 employees	


Vice President of Marketing	2001 - 2004
Designed and managed all advertising, marketing and operational activities with the focus of propelling the company through significant expansion and growth. Responsibilities included- advertising &amp; media strategies, touch point marketing, inventory systems development, order logistics, budgetary management, public relations, vendor co-op programs, search engine optimization, and web site development.

Key Achievements  
* Created 1100+ page LaDIFFERENCE web site (www.ladiff.com) 
* 500% increase in web traffic through effective search engine optimization 
* Selection and implementation of first enterprise inventory system (Profit Systems)
* Three 1st Place design awards (Print Industry of Virginia 2003) 
* Speaker- SOHO Today conference (Greensboro, NC 2002) 


	TEMA, Inc was a $10 Million furnishing company operating multiple physical facilities as TEMA Contemporary Furniture, Goodnight's Neighborhood Sleep Shops and Your Style Furnishings with 65 employees. The Internet presence for TEMA Contemporary Furniture operated as a parallel sales channel with annual sales of $1 Million with four employees. 	


Vice President of Marketing	1994- 2001
Designed and managed all marketing activities with a focus on exponential sales growth.  Responsibilities included- brand development, advertising strategy, media placement, TV &amp; radio production, public relations and operational development. Created and launched the TEMA Internet presence that grew to become one of the most successful furniture web sites in the country.  Responsibilities included- web development, site promotion, search engine optimization, product management, vendor co-op programs. 

Key Achievements
	* 475% Revenue growth (1995 - 2000)
	* Created 1900+ page TEMA website (www.tema-usa.com) 
	* Achieved #1 search term position for 700+ keywords  
* Featured as Retail Ideas Magazine "Best of Year" 1997 and  "Major Furniture Forces on the Web"
* Speaker at Industry conferences and listed as one of the "Leaders in the Furniture Industry"
* "Marketer of the Year" award 1998 (American Marketing Association 1998)
* Profiled in book "Marketing on the Internet" (Jan Zimmerman, Maximum Press 2000)

Education	




	University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM
Bachelor of Fine Arts, 1986	


Honors
*  Blue Key Honor Society    	*  Dean's List  			*  Golden Key Scholarship
*  Los Campanas Honorary  	*  Mortar Board Honor Society  	*  Phi Eta Sigma



Recommendations	




"Graham is an excellent marketing professional with a proven track record for increasing sales and growing market share. He achieves results through a tireless focus, rigorous strategic thinking and relentless execution. Graham is an expert in brand development, demand creation and product promotion who will thrive in fast-paced environments where his experience, drive, professionalism, good humor and personable manner will add great value. I am delighted to recommend Graham, and would work with him again in an instant." 
Paul Hayman, Vice President, Product Division, Acision

"Graham is an extremely positive person who is able to turn around high-value material so quickly it amazes everyone. I've worked together with Graham for many years and have learned to rely on his sound judgment and direction on all things related to marketing products to a global audience." 
Micha Savelsbergh, Business Development Manager, Acision

"In the years I have worked with Graham, I have always known him to possess a sharp wit, and adept product knowledge. I can always count on Graham to reveal a unique trend, use case, or market segment that is relevant to the technology we build. It is always a pleasure to work with him, because I know his deliverables (presentations, propositions, white papers, etc.) will be insightful, professional, and powerful."
Louis Alexander, Software R&amp;D Manager, Acision

"Graham is the best marketing and branding strategist I know. I have never met anyone with a better business mind and the skill set to move a project forward successfully to completion - through creativity, clarity, coaching, and collaboration. Graham sees opportunities and capitalizes on them. He believes there is a solution to everything and gets everyone around him to believe. I am a better marketer for having teamed up with Graham on projects." 
Paul Korthuis, Product Marketing Manager, Acision BV

 "Graham is an extremely talented leader who gets things done quickly and effectively while keeping his eye on the prize. He also possesses the rare ability to be strategic while also being ready, willing and able to roll up his sleeves and get dirty when needed. He's one of the best that I've worked with and would wholeheartedly recommend him for Marketing, Product Management and Training roles both inside and outside the technology field."  
Andy Lobred, Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Media General

"Graham is key at multi tasking. He was able to work with limited support, and still get the job done, day after day. He is a "make it happen person" who gets results. Positive, intelligent and energetic. It was wonderful working with and for Graham while he was with Cavalier Telephone. It would be my pleasure to work with him again in the future." 
Brandee Kerber, District Manager of Marketing Services, OSG Billing Services

"Graham is one of the most diligent and creative marketing leaders I have worked with across a spectrum of companies and industries. His curious and enthusiastic intelligence stimulates dynamic responses in his customer base." 
Randy Burge, Principal at ProactiveTeams









1




Graham McInnes  -   Marketing, Product Development &amp; Demand Creation		4



  
    ADSL2
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    automation
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    book
  
  
    Brand development
    brand development
  
  
    business case
  
  
    business intelligence
  
  
    business solutions
  
  
    business strategies
  
  
    com
  
  
    Competitive
    competitive
  
  
    competitive analysis
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    CPA
  
  
    creative direction
  
  
    Dependable
  
  
    Product development
    product development
  
  
    driving
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    focus
  
  
    image
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    marketing and collateral
    marketing collateral
  
  
    materials
  
  
    media placement
  
  
    Messaging
    messaging
  
  
    2000
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    page
  
  
    performance analysis
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    presenting
    presentations
  
  
    Press
  
  
    processes
  
  
    product management
  
  
    Producing
  
  
    Profit
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    Speaker
    Speaking
    speaking
  
  
    radio
  
  
    radio production
  
  
    Retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    sales training
  
  
    search engine optimization
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    strategic positioning
  
  
    systems development
  
  
    white papers
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    Telephone
  
  
    TV
    television
  
  
    web site
    website
    web site development
    web development
    website design
    web sites
  


