
      Jason Malander
1298 Antwerp Lane  San Jose, CA 95118 
   	(H) 408-622-6862  (C) 408-315-8724 
          	          malan_man@yahoo.com
Experienced Siebel CRM Developer with expert analytical, design, 
development, and configuration skills
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
CRM expert with over 12 years of experience creating and implementing CRM solutions utilizing Siebel applications and verticals. 
Demonstrated expertise in diverse components of business analysis, including Business Process Mapping, Technical Architecture, Workflow Analysis and Business Intelligence solutions. 
Background managing all aspects of a project lifecycle.
Goal-oriented team leader skilled at building solid relationships with coworkers.
Experienced in Siebel CRM Administration &amp; Management (System &amp; Application) and Production Support including deployment and migration activities from Development through Testing in Production environment.
Strong knowledge in Siebel CRM Architecture and Data Model and proficient with Siebel Tools and Client in configuration and customization of Siebel Objects at multiple levels like but not limited to Applets, Business Components, Screens, Views, Joins, Links, MVGs, Pick Lists, Associate &amp; Shuttle Applets, Toggle Applets and Drilldowns. 
Extensive experience in Siebel EAI - Integration Workflows, Web Services , Integration Objects, Siebel Adapters, EAI Transport Adapters, VBCs, SOAP, WSDL, DTD, XSL.
Strong knowledge and experience in Siebel EIM developing Configuration (ifb) files and EIM jobs with working knowledge in SQL and PL/SQL.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Siebel Technologies:   Siebel Tools, Siebel Administration, EAI, EIM, VBC, EBC, Business Services, Web Services, Workflow, Analytics, Informatica, OBIEE	
Siebel Modules:	Service, Call Center, Products, Sales, Marketing Automation, Customer Order Management
Languages:	Visual Basic, Siebel VB, eScript, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML 
Databases:	Oracle, MS SQL Server
Certifications:		Preparing for the Siebel Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Business Analyst Expert Certification.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Jarden Consumer Solutions, Boca Raton, FL (Consumer products)  	                            12/2006 -12/2010
Sr. Siebel Analyst
Led a team of developers upgrading Siebel 6.0 to 7.8.
Created a process to dynamically brand outgoing order/shipment confirmation emails.
Developed a process to retrieve data from our web and JDE database using Business Services and VBCs.
Involved in development of Business Components/Objects, applets and screens. 
Configured the Order Management Module to meet the requirements of JCS including calls to CyberSource for Credit Card verification.
Executed data imports using EIM.
Supported Call Center and Headquarters users in both Siebel and OBIEE.
Performed CRM Administration and System Management tasks to keep production up and running.
Designed workflow processes to improve productivity. 
Led integration, system and UATs for new releases.
Assisted in the installation of OBIEE, BI and Informatica.
Designed technical solutions using OBIEE and BI.
Generated executive level dashboards, complex reporting and metadata modeling.

Tilia, San Francisco, CA (Foodsaver)        					                           11/2002 - 12/2006
Sr. Software Developer
Used Siebel Tools to modify applets, views, and screens to meet the call center requirements.
Achieved Business Rule automation using Siebel VB scripting and Workflow Manager.
Improved Order Management process.
Created reports for Marketing using SQL.
Automated the creation of orders for free gifts using Workflow which greatly reduce the workload for call center agents.
Resolved bugs during testing and provided production support upon SRF releases.
Imported weekly Marketing data into Siebel using EIM.
Led the SAP CRM project.
Installed SAP Portal.
Designed, developed, and implemented SAP Portal environment, such as knowledge management, repository and taxonomies, business applications, and transactions.

ProBusiness, Pleasanton, CA (Payroll processor)			                                       04/1999 - 11/2002  
Sr. CRM System Developer
Senior Configuration for Siebel development team, providing enhancements and upgrades to 1500 internal users.
Team Lead in the Siebel 2000 upgrade.
Developed Internal Support process utilizing Siebel to enhance ProBusiness Helpdesk to further provide the ability to support their users including Email Response, escalation notifications, using Workflow and the automatic creation of activity plans based upon email request.
Responsible for creating the Outbound Communication Manager process in which our customers were notified upon receipt of their tax documents via email.
Orchestrated schema upgrades and table extensions to Siebel database tables.
Configured customized views for areas within the organization that streamline processes and allow for efficiencies within the organization.
Created and executed EIM jobs to import legacy data into Siebel.
Assisted in the overall administration of the Siebel Call Center and Sales Enterprise applications.
Designed and coded reports for Siebel Application using Actuate Developer Workbench.
Developed Cognos Impromptu catalog based on our Siebel Database design for reporting.
Ability to be creative and think "out of the box" to deliver a quality solution which solves a problem or meets a specific business need.
Understand best practices for Customer Support. 

Electronic Data Systems - Client:  Hitachi Data Systems Account, Santa Clara, CA     08/1996 - 04/1999
Information Analyst, Sales Force Automation Team                                                                                          08/1998 - 04/1999              	            08/1998 - 04
Graduated from  the  EDS Information  Analyst Development program that  exposes individuals to both  the  business and  technical aspects of application development with  an emphasis in  Visual Basic.
Analyzed, designed, coded,   tested  and  documented  enhancements  and  new  sub-systems  for Aurum's InSync Sales Force Automation system which included SQLWindows/32 programming and Oracle/SQLBase Database design  and schema  changes.
Developed Manual Journal Entry process using SQLWindows/32.
  
Information Associate, Technical Infrastructure I Sales Automation   	                                               03/1997 - 08/1998
Designed and developed on-line issue tracking system and corporate forms using VB Script in Outlook 97.
Instructed a class  that  trained users  on remote connectivity using  VPN, Windows  NT networking, Outlook 97/98 usage,  data  backup and over  all  Windows  95 utilization.
Learned SQLWindows/32, Visual Basic 5.0, and SQL for Oracle, SQLBase and Sybase databases.

Systems Administrator, Technical Infrastructure         			                                               08/1996 - 03/1997
Answered user questions and coordinated the resolution of user problems related to hardware, software or network functions.
Developed and maintained technical procedures to ensure a common problem solving methodology between team members.
Attended several Microsoft Certified System Engineering classes including Internetworking with Microsoft TCP/IP, Implementing and Supporting Exchange Server 5, Windows NT Server 4.0 and Windows 95.



Symantec Corporation, Cupertino, CA 					                           09/1995 - 04/1996
Intern, Systems Analyst
Developed Visual Basic programs to automatically install software applications over the network.
Administrated a Worldwide On-Line system that organized and published corporate information.


EDUCATION
San Jose State University San Jose, California
                                                     B.S. Business/Management Information Systems



  
    Actuate
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    applets
  
  
    application development
  
  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    backup
  
  
    Business Analyst
  
  
    BI
  
  
    Call Center
    call center
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    Cognos Impromptu
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
    CRM
  
  
    Customer Support
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    database
  
  
    Database design
  
  
    EAI
  
  
    Email
    email
  
  
    forms
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Informatica
  
  
    JDE
  
  
    knowledge management
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Team Lead
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    Exchange Server 5
  
  
    Outlook 97
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows 95
    Windows  95
  
  
    98
  
  
    Windows  NT
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network
    networking
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle DB
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Order Management
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    processes
  
  
    programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Siebel
    Siebel 6.0
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    System Engineering
  
  
    tables
  
  
    tax
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrading
    upgrade
  
  
    VB scripting
    VB Script
  
  
    Visual Basic
    VB
  
  
    Visual Basic 5.0
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    Windows NT Server 4.0
  
  
    Workbench
  
  
    Workflow
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  


