
ASHAR  SHAIKH
Khatiga Bldg, R#:2, Dargah Street,
Mahim west,
Mumbai 400016, Maharashtra.
M - (+91) 9768277204
shaikhashar@hotmail.com


PROFILE







 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE






Market Data Trade 
Client - Bank of America -MerrillLynch

MD Trade Application is aimed at providing an easy and direct access to Trading functionality for HNW Clients. Features such as setting a watch list, Historic views, asset calculator etc are integrated with this application.

Main Responsibilities
Communicating with client and BA for requirement analysis.
Proposing Design documents and project plans.
Preparing Test-Cases along with testing leads.
Projecting sprint cycle for delivery of complete work effort in scheduled plan.
Team-management and ensuring technical deliverables are delivered at end of day.
Helping team with technical and project level difficulties. 

Market Data - International 
Client - Bank of America -MerrillLynch

It's a migration of existing MLOLI (MyMerrillOnline). Here our main target is to create a website free of third party dependencies like WSOD and to support users over globe which the present MerrillLynch Platforms fails to.
	
Main Responsibilities
Studying the Service implementation of Sybase /Sola / MDF.
Interacting with clients and conducting status calls on daily basis.
Distribution of Tasks / and reporting work status to the client.
Conducting Billing and Resource Management on Weekly basis along with the clients for the module.


Benefits Online
Client - Bank of America -MerrillLynch

It's a web based module for the users of MerrillLynch. It targets the Market Data for the current users and supports smooth transition of platform from Merrillynch to Boafml (BOA MerrillLynch)

	
Main Responsibilities
Creating project branches and solutions branching into TFS.
Creating the TFS Proj and Wixs Files for the project .
Implementing a full- workable Architecture for the intial project startup .



Medical Messenger
Client - Medical Messenger Inc

It's an all-inclusive suite of healthcare information solution; in that the Medical Messenger provides practice management and electronic medical record (EMR) solutions. It can be delivered via ASP thus eliminating the need for infrastructure and on-site support. In addition to electronic medical record solutions, it also offers a family of modules that will allow the user to manage scheduling and billing, prescribe electronically and control the inventory in his premises.
	
Main Responsibilities
Creating client presentations/POC/ Milestone completion.
Ensure all X12 specifications are adhered to while communication using EDI. 
Get into details of the architecture viz. WPF-MVVM / CAB Framework that was planned to be used for the solution.
Encouraged usage of LINQ for querying the database thus superbly polishing my LINQ skills and expanding my understanding of the MVVM architecture as a whole.
Technologies/Frameworks/Models Involved
     .NET 3.5 / C#
     WPF / MVVM / WCF
     LINQ / Entity Framework
     SQL Server 2005






Due Diligence, PerimeterUSA.COM 
Client - Perimeter USA LLC.

It's a small Repository application created for  Perimeter Portal with a view to facilitate easy storage of user specific files and details. It was implementing in ASP.Net 3.5.Site admins can upload files which could be viewed to a groups of users as per the access specifications. The key challenge was managing files access as it contained large no of files. Final implementation was done using Folder Architecture of Microsoft Windows.


Main Responsibilities
Understanding of project requirement /POC preparation.
Design and Construction, Coding.
Coordinating with Test Team, Production Rollout.

Technologies/Frameworks/Models Involved
    ASP.net 3.5 C#
    Asp.net Ajax
    JQuery


Spam AV, PerimeterUSA.COM
Client - Perimeter USA LLC.

Spam AV is a reporting module created for Perimeter Portal which give users control to Add/Edit/Delete and manage a list of email servers which are considered as Spam Emails for the company's email accounts. The company had a requirement to create a module which would communicate with their servers to pull data from databases, generated from logs and displayed to the user, which lets the users control various Thresholds using a simple slider bar. The slider bar was made using a combination of Ajax SliderControl and Jquery's Slider to create a customized and unique control which made the module user friendly and was the focal point of the module. 

Main Responsibilities
Researching on Implementation of sliding functionality with three Sliders.
Prepared a POC with Multihandler Slider Control of Ajax Control Toolkit.
Final implementation was done using jquery for building custom Slider.
Extensive JavaScript for implementation of various scenarios related to slider.
Technologies/Frameworks/Models Involved
ASP.net 3.5 C#
Asp.net Ajax
JQuery



Viewpoint (www.securityview.com) 
Client - Perimeter USA LLC.

Viewpoint is a wide-ranging portal for the company which enables our clients and partners to view the services which we provide and they are subscribed to. It basically is a reporting based site in which user can view its Firewall access logs, monitor and control the network traffic from a single portal itself. To help implementing this top-notch portal we have used many of the latest Microsoft based technologies.

Main Responsibilities

Initially as a team member was entrusted the task of creating UI for one of the modules in the project. 
I was involved into achieving Full-throttle performance optimization for the solution, which involved into utilization of the TOP methods for performance optimization techniques used by some of the most accessed websites in the world. 
My responsibility includes Design and Construction
I was also solely responsible for doing the styling and designing of the specific modules.


Key Achievements 

*      Firewall, One of the modules in the solution on which I was the SME on the UI front was reviewed and given 5 STAR rating by SC Magazine one of the leading publications in security domain.
*     I super-headed the performance based initiatives for the portal, which resulted into 50% reduction in response time. Which was very well received by my seniors involved the project. 
*     I also implemented the Custom HTTP handlers for caching and version control which contributed to entire applications performance.
*     The S.S.O. framework which was devised by the core architecture team which includes me was a milestone for our solution and was highly appreciated. The token based S.S.O implementation was one of my ideas which were adopted to be the standard for our solution. 
*     Successful implementation of Dependency Injection using Spring.NET.

Technologies/Frameworks/Models Involved

      *    NET 3.5 / C# 
      *   ASP.Net 
      *   LINQ 
      *   Microsoft Enterprise library / Spring.Net 












Internal Customers -EMEA Region
Electronic Data Systems (EDS)

About 6 months of experience working with Mphasis for the internal clients of EDS. We had to troubleshoot software issues that the clients were facing with Pointsec, VPN connection Issues. Working there I was awarded an Excellence Certificate and ranked as the 10th Best Employee for the Month of Sep 2008.

Main Responsibilities
Collating reports from client CRM software/monitoring software
Opening ticket in the client CRM
Creating knowledge base of solutions in the client CRM software
Creating website for client end users containing information on FAQ's/self troubleshooting procedures





Hotel Automation Systems(HAS)
TechNowa Energy Soln.

             HAS is a windows based application s/w developed using Visual Studio 5 in C# language with SQL server 2005 as the backend used for database management .Using parallel port  interface electrical devices were interfaced and regulated using this s/w.Database connectivity was provided using ADO.NET . Thus, using this s/w we aimed at providing control over three domains that any hotel industry would desire for smooth management. 

Main Responsibilities
Preparing project plan and synopsis.
Knowledge Transfer to other team members.
Interacting with Clients on Actual Implementation.
Studied interfacing of hardware devices using serial port.
Implemented interfacing of PIC Microcontroller IC.
Design, Coding, Testing of actual software developed in C#.


Technologies/Frameworks
      *    NET 2.0 / C# 
      







Educational Qualification 
B.E. Computer Engineering, Mumbai University with 62.25 % (May 2008). 
H.S.C with 77% in March 2004.
S.S.C  with 74 % in Feb 2002. 

Key Achievements
Selected as CSI Technical Committee Head for the year 2006-2007 
Active Member of CSI for the year 2006-2007. 
Organized a Console and Robotics Event at Annual College Festivals. 
1st in National level robotics (level 2) at VJTI college 2005-2006 
Actively participated in various college &amp; school activities like Outdoor Sports, Technical Paper Presentation. 

Personal Information
   Name                      Shaikh Ashar Nawaz 
   Date of Birth          18th March, 1987
   Marital Status         Single.
   Contact Email Id    shaikhashar@hotmail.com
   Contact Number    (M) 9768277204
                                  (L) 02224441252.




Ashar Shaikh.
Date: Tuesday, March 20, 2012
Place: Mumbai

I am Software Engineer with 3.8 years experience in Information technology. I have been working at Reputed IT MNC for the past 2 year for their core development. Working directly with the Clients like Bank of America &amp;  PerimeterUSA has provided a strong knowledge about the Banking and  E-Security Domain. 	

Dec 2008 - July 2009              Software Engineer                              Techtalk Solutions 

April 2009 - July 2009	  Software Engineer                    	Techtalk Solutions

July 2009 - August 2009	    Software Engineer                    	Techtalk Solutions

August 2009 - June 2010	Software Engineer                  Techtalk Solutions

July 2008 -Dec 2008                 Software Support Engineer                              Mphasis an EDS 

Aug 2007 -Mar 2008                 Trainee Software Engineer                   TechNowa Energy Soln.

July 2010 - Oct 2010 (Sr. Developer)                                                                   TCS		






  
    ASP.net 3.5
    .NET 3.5
    ASP.Net
    Asp.net
    .NET
    .Net
    ASP.Net 3.5
  
  
    ADO
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    BA
  
  
    Banking
  
  
    Benefits
  
  
    Billing
    billing
  
  
    calculator
  
  
    com
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    SC
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Client
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    version control
  
  
    database management
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Edit
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    email
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    Features
  
  
    Firewall
  
  
    HTTP
  
  
    Information technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Market
  
  
    access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Microsoft Windows
    windows
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Coding
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    publications
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Researching
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    servers
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL server
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    Team-management
  
  
    troubleshoot
    troubleshooting
  
  
    unique
  
  
    view
  
  
    Visual Studio 5
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    website
    websites
  


