
                                       CHERYL COLEY
        3295 Birch Haven Trace, Hiram, GA 30141 (404) 216-8446          cherylcoley65@gmail.com

                                Qualified Senior Account Manager

Results-driven professional with extensive experience impacting organizational presence, profitability,
and performance through execution of high impact service. Dedicated to delivering quality service and
building long-lasting client relationships. Accomplished track record in leading and motivating diverse
teams to achieve results. Drive the flawless execution of projects across all areas of the client
partnership. Deliver exceptional results through business development, strategic market positioning
and organizational planning. Successful in and motivated by working in fast-paced environments with
high levels of change and innovation.

                                            Skill Summary
    &#183;    Strong Project Management Skills                    &#183;   Process Improvements
    &#183;    Project Implementation                              &#183;   Creative Knowledge
    &#183;    Skilled in Promotional Events                       &#183;   Critical Thinker and Problem Solver
    &#183;    Strategic Planning                                  &#183;   Skilled in Microsoft Office
    &#183;    Ability to Multi-task                               &#183;   Fundamental Knowledge of Print
    &#183;    Detailed and Organized                                  Production


                                       Professional Experience

Project Manager (Rite Aid)|Miller Zell Inc., Atlanta, GA, 2000-2006
Managed graphic projects and quarterly promotions for conception to production for 3,600+ Rite Aid
stores
 
       Managed and produced multiple graphic projects
       Developed, maintained and executed timelines.
       Established and managed budgets.
       Responsible for producing and coordinating seasonal programs 6 times per year.
       Identified and resolve issues.
       Frequent interaction with all levels of management, engineering, creative design, accounting and
       logistic staff.
       Created and maintained reports

Assistant Account Executive (Hardee's)|Cadmus Point of Purchase| Atlanta GA 1998-2000
Maintained the backend of the account and assisted Franchisee with special order material

       Handled all special request menu board items for franchise stores with outside print vendors.
       Prepared production pricing estimate requests for corporate and franchise stores.
       Supported account manager in preparing jobs for production, provided problem resolution for
       customer service team, processed credit requests, monitored re-ordered and managed inventory.
       Created and oversaw coordination of shipping on all new material to stores with logistics.
       Heavy interaction and follow-up with account manager, sales representatives, customer service,
       logistics and accounting department.


                                               Education

Accounting, Chattahoochee Technical Institute, Marietta, GA - 1992
Information Processing, Brannell Institute, Atlanta, GA - 1990
American College for the Applied Arts, Atlanta, GA - 1987



  
    accounting
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    creative design
  
  
    credit
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    finance
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Press
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    printers
  
  
    problem resolution
    Problem Solver
  
  
    producing
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    sales
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    Strategic Planning
  


