
JENNIE L. COLBERT
Campbell, CA 95008
 (408) 761-9404
jennie.colbert@yahoo.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/jcolbert18
        
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Office procedures, filing, phones, copy, fax, scanning 
QuickBooks, Quicken, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Outlook, Adobe Acrobat

WORK HISTORY

PAST POSITIONS:
Executive Admin Assistant, CEPA (no longer in business), Campbell, CA, 2007-2008
Assistant to the CEO of the company and to the Vice President of Design.
Provide phone support with a four line phone system.
Data Entry credit card receipts in MS Money.
Create Excel spreadsheets for various projects.
Internet research on various projects.
Open and close office/shop.

Admin Assist/Billing Clerk, Encore Trucking, Inc. (no longer in business), Santa Clara, CA, 2006-2007
Communicated between accounting and dispatch departments of bill accuracy.
Calculated the bills by according to the rate sheets.
Input data into Excel spreadsheet from the bills on a weekly basis.
Data Entry bills into Versa Freight System and print bills to check against the system
Ensure accuracy of the Invoices and the Register/Aging Reports in the Prefreight System.
Filed copies of invoices and miscellaneous documents.
Provided phone support to the accounting and dispatch departments.



JENNIE L. COLBERT
(408) 761-9404
Page 2

Purchasing Assistant, Richmar Associates (Temporary Agency), Santa Clara, CA, 2006
Updated the vendors/suppliers contact information in Microsoft Outlook.
Communicated with vendors/suppliers by via email and phone regarding their orders.

Logistics Assistant, Option 1 (Temporary Agency), San Jose, CA, 2004-2006
Printed and shipped airbills to clinics and hospitals statewide. 
Tracked shipments and collated data in Excel spreadsheet for follow up.
Updated client database and Excel spreadsheet reports on a daily basis.
Check email on Lotus Notes for airbill request by clients; send a request for mailing labels to the customer service department.
Acted as a relief for lobby receptionist using a Nor-Tel phone system to handle multiple phone lines and transferring calls, received and greeted visitors, distribute mail and faxes.

Data Entry, Adecco (Temporary Agency), San Jose, CA, 2003-2004
Acted as a quality assurance agent to ensure accuracy on loan documentation.
Compared data against the paper copy and updated information if necessary.
Updated Excel spreadsheet reports on a daily basis.

Clerical, Pridestaff (Temporary Agency), San Jose, CA 2003
Copied documents from confidential client files for a mortgage company.

Data Entry, Manpower (Temporary Agency), San Jose, CA, 2003
Assist with existing spreadsheet by adding and deleting data for a software company.

File Clerk, Act-1 (Temporary Agency), Sunnyvale, CA, 2003
Filed invoices, catalogs, paperwork, and other miscellaneous documents as necessary for a furniture company. 
Assisted with cleaning up vacant offices and cubicles, filing, and copying for a software company.

Mortgage Processor, Peelle Management Corporation, Campbell CA, 1999-2002
Ensuring accuracy of documents by according to the preparation sheet.
Transcribed information on documents from AS400 system.
Acted as a Notary Public for the company.

Office/Teacher's Aid, Foothill Elementary School, Saratoga, CA, 1997-1999
Filing, copy, inventory, distribute mail, yard duty, and check late students in for the office.
Distribute class work/homework, correct class work/homework, filing, copying, and assist with projects for 2nd, 4th, and 5th grade classrooms.

EDUCATION
West Valley College, Saratoga, CA
Currently in the HTECH program for medical insurance billing specialist.
Associate in Arts Degree in Liberal Arts. 
Certificates in POST (Professional Office Skills Training) and Accounting Clerk.
CPR certification by the American Heart Association through Project Heartbeat.
Course work in accounting, business, computer applications, and paralegal.












  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    billing
  
  
    cashier
  
  
    catalogs
  
  
    CD
  
  
    computer applications
  
  
    copying
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    credit
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Data Entry
  
  
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    email
  
  
    faxes
    fax
  
  
    Filing
    filing
  
  
    phone support
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Excel spreadsheets
    MS Excel
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    MS Money
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    MS Outlook
    Microsoft Outlook
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    Nor-Tel
  
  
    Notary Public
  
  
    Office Skills
  
  
    Internet research
  
  
    paralegal
  
  
    phone system
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    receptionist
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    phones
    phone
  


