
              Shenika D. Sullivan
10354 SW 212th Street, Apt. 202    S    Miami, Florida 33189    S    786-399-0869       
shenika_sullivan@yahoo.com

PROFESSIONAL OFFICE ASSISTANT
Customer Service Expert + Microsoft Office ?Power User? + Adapt written/verbal
communicator

KEY SKILLS

Office Skills:  Telephone &amp; front desk reception, Customer Service, Filing Database &amp;
Records Management, Administrative/Human Resource Support, Complaint Handling, Data Entry
(35-45 WPM)

Computer Skills:  Word, Excel, Outlook, WordPerfect, Microsoft Word, Lotus Notes, e-
tapestry, Epic, IDX, Cane Care


VOLUNTEER WORK
HBS/Embedded at UM Health Care. (Health Business Solutions) (Miami, FL) Office Support,
February, 2011-January, 2012
*	Maintains informational requests and retrieves files for medical appeals: scan/index
into; patient charts; files patient data upon receipt and creates computer index.
*	Scan and index medical records
*	Requests medical records, coding corrections and adjustments
*	Responds to requests for medical records, answers and directs telephone calls.
*	Compose and proof read correspondence, including e-mail, letters and other written
documents.
*	Photocopies records and documents for billing and or legal services.
*	Sends and receives information via facsimile machine and or e-mail,
*	Carry out any additional requests as assigned by immediate supervisor and U of M
management team.


EASTER SEALS (Miami, FL) Administrative Assistant, October, 2008 to February, 2009
*	Prepared letters utilizing word processing and database software.
*	Prepared and assembled packages for media and events.     
*	Sorted and distributed incoming correspondences, including faxes and emails.
*	Prepared invoices and maintained a -up-to-date database of all donated funds.          
  
*	Maintained a database of personal and confidential information for donors.
*	Responsible for organizing and processing bulk mailing to clients.
*	Maintained Supply Inventory
*	Transported documents and packages throughout Miami-Dade and Broward counties.
*	Performed other general duties including document scanning, filing and copying.

URS CORPORATION (Miami, FL) Administrative Assistant, September, 2005 to October, 2007
Assisted Project Managers with proposal preparation.
Established, maintained and updated vendor files.
Answered, screened and directed incoming telephone calls.
Sorted, screened, and reviewed all incoming and outgoing mail.
Responsible for the ordering of office supplies and maintained all associated records.
Operated personal computer to compose and edit correspondences and memorandums.
Assisted human resources department with payroll.
Performed additional administrative functions including monitoring office equipment,
photocopying, and scanning, assembling reports, receiving and sending deliveries.

RED LOBSTER RESTAURANT (Miami, FL) Hostess, August, 2002 to August, 2003
Welcomed incoming customers, escorted them to tables, and provided menus.
Answered incoming telephone calls.
Coordinated seating and activities of dining room 
Inspected dining room serving stations for neatness and cleanliness.
Assisted with order taking
Assisted manager with other duties

EDUCATION

Miami Dade College, Miami, Florida
Associate in Science-Social Work (49 credits)

Miami Killian Senior High School, Miami, Florida
High School Diploma, June, 1993

REFERENCES:	
References are available upon request.




  
    Administrative
    administrative
  
  
    billing
  
  
    charts
  
  
    copying
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    Data Entry
  
  
    Database
    database
  
  
    edit
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    faxes
    facsimile machine
  
  
    Filing
    filing
  
  
    funds
  
  
    Human Resource
    human resources
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
  
  
    legal
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Director
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Word
    word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    office equipment
  
  
    Office Skills
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    coding
  
  
    proposal preparation
  
  
    read
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    Reception
    reception
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    tables
  
  
    Telephone
    telephone
    phone
  
  
    45 WPM
    typing
  
  
    word processing
  
  
    WordPerfect
  
  
    written
  


