
Jennifer Thach
626.321.1591
12140 Wanda Street
El Monte, CA 91732
jennifer.a.thach@biola.edu
Profile

Organized, detail-oriented professional with journalism and public relations experience. Passionate about nonprofit work, media and communications with strong written and verbal communication skills in the areas of research, writing, and communication planning.

Education

BA in Journalism, Public Relations emphasis
Biola University, La Mirada, CA - May 2010
Graduated cum laude
Studies include communication research, convergent journalism, media relations, public relations, principles of advertising, mass media law, and principles of editing and design.

Experience

Communications Intern - World Vision International (Monrovia, CA)				
Global Supply Chain Management - June 2010 to September 2010	
Developed and implemented use of newsletters and fact sheets to inform stakeholders and internal staff about completed projects. Created templates and edited content for reports, brochures and PowerPoint presentations.

Media Relations Intern - Biola University (La Mirada, CA)
Integrated Marketing Communications - September 2009 to May 2010
Wrote and edited press releases and feature articles promoting achievements of professors and students. Monitored media coverage and archived press clippings for annual press book. Assisted with creating media lists, conducting research and attending events as a representative.

Marketing/ Public Relations - Biola University (La Mirada, CA)
               The Point Magazine - January 2009 to May 2009 	
Contacted prospective advertisers to raise money for publication. Developed creative and successful marketing plan that gained a greater readership.

Qualifications

Personal Qualities		Skills					Software
Team Player			Public/Media Relations			Microsoft Office
Quick Learner			AP Style Proficient			Adobe Creative Suite
Deadline-Driven			Copywriting and Editing			PC/Mac Proficient
Ethical				Research				CisionPoint
Resourceful			Marketing				Lotus Notes
People Oriented		Desktop Publishing			Social Media Platforms












  
    accounting
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    AP Style
  
  
    book
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    CA
  
  
    content
  
  
    Copywriting
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    Desktop Publishing
  
  
    Editing
    editing
  
  
    feature articles
  
  
    filing
  
  
    journalism
  
  
    law
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    marketing plan
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    Media Relations
    media relations
  
  
    money
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    press
    press releases
  
  
    Public Relations
    public relations
  
  
    publication
  
  
    Quick Learner
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Team Player
  


