
                                       CATHERINE A. FURLONG
                                  9412 Cello Court, Vienna, VA 22182
                                 703-242-7468 cathy.furlong@cox.net


PROFESSIONAL GOAL
To work as a statistical analyst for a non-profit or governmental organization. My experience includes,
but is not limited to, use of survey methodology, GIS mapping techniques, extensive data analysis, and
participation on multidisciplinary teams.


EDUCATION
MS, Statistics for Policy Analysis
American University, Washington, DC, 2006
MA, Liberal Studies
George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, 1997
BS, Psychology and Special Education
George Peabody College for Teachers (now part of Vanderbilt University), Nashville, TN, 1978
Additional Education: 30 hours of mathematics for Virginia Mathematics certification

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Independent Consulting Statistician:

StatAid, Takoma Park, MD (August 2010-November 2011)
     Statistical analysis of human rights violations data using complex survey design.
     Statistical programming in R to perform quantitative analysis (e.g., data quality checking,
        weighted means and totals).
     Collaborated with a team of experts to develop reports defining survey variables for
        interpretation by technical and policy-oriented audiences.
     Statistical analysis of the timing, and actors responsible for human rights violations in two
        African countries.
     Final reports were presented to the International Criminal Court and U.S. Government
        Accounting Office.
     Mentored junior research staff and interns in quantitative analysis.
     Collaborated with staff to develop a technical paper on the statistics of sexual and gender-based
        violence in the eastern provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo over the past 15
        years.
     Collaborated with staff to develop and present professional experiences on "Threats to
        Respondents and Survey Staff Involved in Human Rights Field Research: An Overview" for the
        2011 Joint Statistical Meeting of North America.
                                                                            Catherine Furlong, Page 2 of 4


American Association for the Advancement of Science's On-Call Scientists Program, Washington, DC
  (June 2010-October 2010)
   Analyzed development and appropriation of funds by gender, region, time, and efficiency in
       relation to the organization's client needs and requests.
   In preparation for an audit, worked with an AAAS client organization to find and correct errors
       with the database.
   Developed final report emphasizing recommendations on variable definitions, data structure,
       data management, and database expansion.
   Served on scientific panel for Human Rights Clinic to address the needs of developing a Human
       Rights Learning Project for the District of Columbia Public Schools.



U.S. Geological Survey--National Biological Information Infrastructure, Reston, VA (October 2009-
    June 2010)
     Consistent with management's breakdown of web site user goals and expectations, analyzed
       pertinent web-user statistics relating to the performance of three web sites: www.nbii.gov,
       www.life.nbii.gov, and www.images.nbii.gov.
     Gathered, analyzed, and wrote-up interpretations of quantitative and categorical data.
     Collected web-site-user data using AW-Statistics, organized data in Microsoft Excel, and
       analyzed data using SPSS.
     Developed monthly organizational web-user distributions reports summarizing the collection
       and analysis of were presented to NBII staff and leads.
     Verified the statistical summaries in 2009 monthly web development and usage progress
       reports.



Dr. Monica Jackson, Department of Mathematics and Statistics American University, Washington, DC
    (Fall 2008 and Spring 2011)
     Assisted Dr. Jackson in the review, enhancement, and editing of a research paper submitted for
        publication.
     Submitted suggestions based upon publisher's reviewer comments of the research as well as
        review of similar published articles.
     Performed additional data analysis (e.g., correlation, linear regression, and an ANOVA with
        blocking).
     Used geographic information systems software (ArcGIS) to produce maps to reflect geographical
        area of statistical analysis: malaria prevalence in 10 African countries and geographic variations
        in colon cancer mortality rates.



Graduate Internship and Project: Smithsonian, National Museum of Natural History, National
   Herbarium (Summer 2005&#173;Fall 2005)
    Coordinated a research design with senior staff to test the feasibility to improve the rate of data
       acquisition for historical plant collections at worldwide herbaria.
                                                                            Catherine Furlong, Page 3 of 4


        Used herbarium resources and SPSS to collect, compile, organize, and analyze data.
        Developed and tested a probability model to determine the overlap of botanist collection at all
        herbaria worldwide and tested the critical thresholds of feasibility in the development of an online
        electronic data acquisition tool.
        Developed and presented reports comparing and contrasting the statistical results from both the
        internship and project to both herbarium staff and colleagues at the 2006 Joint Statistical Meeting
        of North America.



Statistics and Mathematics Instructor:
Northern Virginia Community College, Annandale, VA (Spring 2009)
     Organized, designed class materials, and taught an Introductory Statistics course.
     Applied statistical knowledge of technical rules and procedures to presentations and projects.
     Problem solving skills were taught and developed through choosing appropriate statistical
         calculations, tests, analysis, and interpretation of class projects and Minitab handouts.

Fairfax County Public Schools, Fairfax County, VA (1978--2008)
     Coordinated and collaborated with senior staff and department chairpersons in organizing
        Advance Placement Statistics and Algebra II programs to meet specific standards and policies set
        by the state of Virginia and College Board.
     As the Algebra II Team Leader, researched, developed, managed, and analyzed the efficiency of
        a year-long academic schedule to implement the mathematics program requirements and
        pacing needs for multicultural high students.
     Prepared and distributed routine schedules and reports to mathematics teachers to facilitate
        implementation of the year-long academic schedule.
     Researched literature, organized, designed, and distributed materials and information to
        communicate the educational requirements defined by Virginia and the College Board (Advance
        Placement Statistics).
     Gathered, interpreted, analyzed, and summarized students' work to evaluate short and long-
        term mathematical skills and educational technology elements required by the Commonwealth
        of Virginia.
     Prepared routine reports on school-based curriculum projects and individual student
        educational development. Coordinated regional Junior Math League contests for the Northern
        Virginia Council of Teachers of Mathematics.
     Served as a liaison for the mathematics department chairperson to monitor and facilitate the
        transition of new teachers in the department. The task included, but was not limited to, training
        in computer software, communicating and monitoring county and state educational
        requirements, and communicating, monitoring, and balancing senior staff expectations with
        student and parent expectations.
                                                                                Catherine Furlong, Page 4 of 4


PUBLICATIONS, WORKING PAPERS, AND PROFESSIONAL PRESENTATIONS
Asher, J. Furlong, C., "Threats to Respondents and Survey Staff Involved in Human Rights Field Research:
An Overview," 2011 Joint Statistical Meeting Proceedings
Presented: "Threats to Respondents and Survey Staff Involved in Human Rights Field Research: An
Overview," 2011 Joint Statistical Meetings

Aubry-Blanchard, C., Jackson, M.C., Shavers, V., Furlong, C. "Mapping geographic variations in colon
cancer mortality rates."

Jackson, M. C., Colson, A., Johansen, L., Furlong, C., Sellers, K. F. (2010). "Modelling the effect of climate
change on the prevalence of Malaria in Western Africa," Statistica Neerlandica, 64(4), 388-400.

Presenter: "Factors Which Predict the Overlap of Collectors at Herbaria." 2006 Joint Statistical Meetings;
2005 MD- DC-VA Mathematics Association of America Meeting

Presenter: "Encouraging Girls in Mathematics," Fairfax County Public Schools in-service (Fall 2002) and
the Virginia Council of Teachers of Mathematics Yearly Conference (2003)


TECHNOLOGY SKILLS
ArcGIS, STATA, SPSS, R, Microsoft Excel, SAS, S-Plus, Microsoft Office Suite

PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND VOLUNTEER WORK
    American Statistical Association
    Membership Database Manager for the Caucus of Women in Statistics (Fall 2008-Prsent)
    Co-Organized 2001 Mini-Symposium "Equity Issues in Math and Science Education"
    Advance Placement Statistics Institute (Summer 2004, 2000, 1998)
    Junior Math League Coordinator, Northern Virginia Council of Teachers of Mathematics (Fall
        2000-Spring 2004)
    Glen Echo Waltz Committee (Fall 2009-Present)
    Statistics Without Borders Committee (January 2012-Present)



  
    academic
  
  
    Accounting
  
  
    Council
  
  
    client
  
  
    data acquisition
    data
       acquisition
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    data management
  
  
    Database
    database
  
  
    editing
  
  
    Equity
  
  
    funds
  
  
    Government
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    Team Leader
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Math
  
  
    Mathematics
    mathematics
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    Office
  
  
    publisher
  
  
    Minitab
  
  
    Natural
  
  
    organizing
    organizational
  
  
    policies
    Policy Analysis
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Problem solving skills
  
  
    programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quantitative analysis
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    research design
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    scientific
  
  
    SPSS
  
  
    STATA
  
  
    Statistical analysis
    statistical analysis
    Statistics
    statistics
  
  
    survey design
  
  
    Symposium
  
  
    web site
    web development
    web-site
    web sites
  
  
    articles
  


