
Cornell Monroe
Page Two


Cornell Monroe
24931 Haverford Road
(281) 516-0337
Spring, Texas, 77389
cornell.monroe@hotmail.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

A highly effective IT Management Professional, who meets challenges head-on and creates positive change.  An accomplished leader with exceptional technical skills, and a proven track record of success building high-performing teams and leading them to create practical, reliable, and stable solutions, in rapidly changing business environments.  An articulate, quality-focused individual, with the proven ability to communicate effectively across all levels of an organization, and bridge the gap between technology and customer issues.    

BACKGROUND SUMMARY
More than twenty years of Information Technology experience includes:

System Design
Graphics Design
System Administration
Web Apps Development
System Performance Management
NOC Design
Budgets and Forecasting
Systems Roll-Out
Bids &amp; Proposals
Market Penetration 
Systems Development
Website Development
Cost Management
Network Design
Equipment Selection
Equipment Configuration
Employee Training / Coaching
Change Management





EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Veolia Water, North America, Houston, Texas
1990 - 2010
Manager, Information Systems
Managed an annual operating budget of $2MM, directed the efforts of three IT Techs and supported a user base of more than 300 people a plant sites and 100 local nodes, across the US.  Managed the IT assets and evaluated equipment for use on-site.  Provided 24/7 help desk support.
Designed and rolled out the LAN/WAN system for the organization
Designed and implemented a web-based, automated procurement application for IT equipment acquisition.  The program tracked equipment and identified equipment that was becoming out of date or obsolete.  The new system also tracked and totaled all IT equipment expenditures across the company to facilitate budget compliance.
Developed a comprehensive pricing model to assist in the valuation and economic viability analysis of potential acquisition.  The new approach sped up economic analyses and improved the acquisition selection process. 
Manager, Information Systems, Veolia Water, North America, continued
Managed the entire telecom system, including VoIP protocols, video conference management, and billing / system optimization for the communication systems.
Designed and managed the company's system security and SOX compliance processes.

Technical Service Specialist
Hired by Veolia to assist in acquisition due diligence.  Became the de facto IT manager due to my interest and talents with computers.  
Designed and deployed the first LAN at the Veolia's US corporate headquarters in the early 90's, and championed the use of computers throughout Veolia.
Managed the installation or directly installed and configured all of the on-site IT equipment on-site throughout all of Veolia's offices.
Designed and implemented a company-wide Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity Plan.


Gary Sanitary District, Gary, Indiana
1974 - 1990
Plant Superintendent
Managed all of the plant processes for Gary Indiana's main water treatment facility, processing and treating  60mgd of waste water.  Supervised a plant operations staff of 19 process technicians, Quality Control Technicians and Administrative Support staff.
Construction Liaison
Selected to serve as the Owner's Representative and work directly with outside construction personnel in extensive, two-year modernization project that impacted every operating system in the plant. 
Laboratory Assistant
Conducted regular sampling and testing activities at this high-volume waste water treatment facility
Operations Supervisor
Shift supervisor for this 24/7 operation.


EDUCATION

BS, Information Technology/Multimedia and Visual Communication 
University of Phoenix


MILITARY SERVICE

United States Air Force, 
1970 - 1974
Sergeant, Minot Air Force Base, Minot, North Dakota


OTHER TRAINING / 	 CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Novell Administrator

Netware 3 - 4.1 Update * Netware Administration * Advanced Netware Advanced 
Supporting Microsoft Windows * Networking Technologies
Netware Service and Support 
Netware installation and Configuration Workshop



  
    Administrative Support
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    Air Force
  
  
    approach
  
  
    billing / system
  
  
    budget
  
  
    database applications
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    due diligence
  
  
    help desk support
  
  
    Information Systems
    information systems
  
  
    internet usage
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Microsoft Windows
  
  
    Networking
  
  
    Netware
  
  
    Netware 3 - 4.1
  
  
    Certified Novell Administrator
  
  
    operating system
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Quality Control
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    sales
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    valuation
  
  
    video
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    WAN
  


