
                                     JOHN C. O'NEILL
                                    1831 Good Hope Street
                                  Cape Girardeau, MO 63703
                                      Cell: 573-979-3007
                                  Email: jconeill@gmail.com

Summary:

For the last 7 years I've been a small business owner providing computer services as an IT
Technician. Prior to this, I have 25 years experience working in high technology electronics at
microwave &amp; millimeter-wave component manufacturing facilities as an RF Technician, RF
Engineer, Sales or in Production Supervision &amp; Management.

Education:

Aug 2011 to Jan 2012.
Pearson-Vue Testing, Cape Girardeau, MO., CompTIA A+ &amp; CompTIA Network+ Certified.

Jan 1979 to May 1980.
Condie Jr. College, Campbell, CA., AA Electronic Science.

Aug 1993 to Dec 1994.
American River College, Sacramento, CA., General Education.

Aug 1974 to May 1977.
Cape Vo-Tech, Cape Girardeau, MO., Mechanical Design Drafting Certificate.

Experience:

Jan 2003 to Apr 2006, +3 years

MK Milliwave Technologies s.a., Costa Rica, Central America., Production Manager.
Part owner of 2 in a venture, manufacturing RF amplifiers and converters from .5 to 40 GHz in
Costa Rica. I wore all the hats; RF Technician, Mechanical Engineer, Test Technician,
Assembler, RF Packaging Designer, Buyer, Planner, Trainer, Sales etc. Basic use of AWR
Microwave Office, Lab View and other RF circuit and system simulator software. Proficient in
the use of AutoCAD 3D. Company lasted +3 years, had as many as 4 national employees, and
several customers throughout the world. Customers such as NASA, ELTA of Israel and the Indian
ARMY were a few. Best sales in one month was $75K. For financial disagreements, the company
was dissolved in April of 2006.

Oct. 2000 to Oct 2002, 2 years

L3 Communications, El Dorado Hills, CA., RF Engineering Technician. Evaluated GaAs die
and MMICS used in the production manufacturing. Responsible for onezy&#173;twozy special projects
that included the design and development of a low volume run of a KA band transceiver, a 45
GHz up converter, a 6 to 18 GHz hybrid GaAs FET balanced gain block, a V band hybrid
balanced LNA circuit design and development. Knowledgeable in design and manufacturing of
up &amp; down converter modules that involve alignment and cascading of passive and/or active
mixer hybrids, MMIC's with incorporation of LNA front ends and/or MPA outputs. Conversion
loss, conversion gain, noise, IP3 measurements and IF, LO &amp; RF VSWR matching techniques
utilized. Deployed active/passive RF/ MW / MMW circuit design and analysis. Customers were
USN, Israeli ARMY and Nokia. Responsible for moving new amplifier prototypes into
production in a timely manner and providing support. Worked with quality, planning and upper-
management personnel on a daily basis. Unfortunately a layoff provoked an opportunity and thus
a challenge to explore another country.

Oct. 1998 to Oct. 2000, 2 years

Sierra Wireless Systems, Shingle Springs, CA., RF Engineer. Manufactured amplifiers from .5
to 65 GHz. Used Westbond bonders and Unitek gap welders. Anritsu, Agilent &amp; Wiltron - signal
generators &amp; sweep oscillators. I wore all the hats from RF Technician to Sales. Daily AutoCAD
usage. Company lasted 2 years. Best sales month was $50K Employed and managed 3 part time
people. World wide customer base included amplifier build contracts from Naval Research Labs
in DC and the US ARMY. During the stock crash and unobtainable financial backing in 2000, It
was advisable to accept offer of my company's backlog, assets and inventory to Spacek Labs of
Santa Barbara, CA. I sought new employment in an engineering atmosphere shortly after the sale.

Aug 1995 to Oct. 1998, +4 years

Endwave Milliwave Technologies Corp, Diamond Springs, CA., Sr. RF Technicain. Worked
with small group of techs and assemblers as well as responsible for solving engineering problems
in one or more phases of product development. Engineering projects involving the analysis,
research, design, development, fabrication and/or testing of a component. Knowledgeable in RF
hybrid circuit design. Performed varied work assignments involving evaluation, originality and
ingenuity. Proficient in up &amp; down converter modules that involved alignment and cascading of
passive and/or active mixer hybrids &amp; MMIC's. Performed mixer evaluation measurements of
conversion loss, conversion gain, noise, IP3 measurements and IF, LO &amp; RF VSWR matching
techniques utilized. Familiar with active/passive RF/ MW / MMW circuit design and analysis.
ISO environment. Manufactured products for P-Com, Harris, Hughes, NASA, AT&amp;T, Scientific
Atlanta and Anritsu. Our group brought the first low cost, high volume production manufacturing
that the world has ever seen. We changed the normal millimeter wave frequency multiplier
manufacturing process and surpassed all the competition in profit and delivery times. Left to try it
on my own.

June 1989 to June 1994, 5 years

Hewlett Packard, Folsom, CA., Production Supervisor. Secret Clearance. Supervised as many
as 14 technicians and assemblers on 2 shifts. Our special millimeter wave group built 50% non
production released onezy-twozy K to V band prototypes. We manufactured products for
customers such as USN, Anritsu / Wiltron and EMS. Lead the troops to higher volume
manufacturing techniques using SPC under Just in Time (JIT) or World Class Management
(WCM) authority. Familiar in manufacturing controls, analysis &amp; process tools. While working
for Avantek, trained green technicians to troubleshoot to component level as well as use special
electronic test and measurement equipment. Talked with customers on a regular basis. Acquired
working knowledge of Westbond, KNS, MEI bonding equipment and Unitek gap welders.
Introduction into the design and use of active &amp; passive multipliers, mixers MMIC's. HP decided
to dissolve the millimeter group in 1994. I moved on.

Jan 1986 to June 1989, 2.5 years

Celeritek Corporation, Santa Clara, CA., Sr. RF Technician. Test, align &amp; cascade prototypes
for production release. Phase &amp; amplitude matching amplifiers. Worked directly for the
engineering department. Aquired experienced in applications and sales of microwave
components. Contact with customers, quality, engineering, purchasing, production and
management personnel on a daily basis. Familiar with US government and commercial contracts,
HI-REL procedures, MIL-SPEC standards and Class 100,000 clean room environments.

May 1982 to Jan 1986, 3.5 years

Narda West, San Jose, CA., Sr. RF Technician. Ability to troubleshoot to component level (ie
digital, analog, passive &amp; active IC's). Understanding and use of all related test and assembly
equipment used in engineering and manufacturing (solder, epoxy, wire bonders, gap welders,
automated and/or manual - spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, power, noise and phase
measurement equipment). Mechanical aptitude and close tolerance dexterity to work under a
microscope for hours.

May 1980 to May 1982, 2 years

Harris Microwave Corporation, Milpitas, CA., RF Technician. Fresh out of College. Inspect,
test and align LNA and Power Amplifiers in C and X band configurations with fault and temp
comp circuitry. Learning the manufacturing processes and procedures of thick and thin film
circuitry (SMT, ceramic strip-line). Troubleshoot to component level as well as become proficient
in the use of specific RF electronic test and measurement equipment. Use of special
manufacturing tools to perform tasks. Left Job for a more challenging opportunity.

References: Available Upon Request



  
    A+
  
  
    ARMY
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    AutoCAD
    AutoCAD 3
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    C
  
  
    circuit design
  
  
    Com
    com
  
  
    CA
  
  
    computer
repair
    hardware
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Conversion
    conversion
  
  
    clients
  
  
    DC
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    product development
  
  
    Drafting
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    film
  
  
    financial
  
  
    government
  
  
    HP
  
  
    http
  
  
    ie
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Mechanical
  
  
    Mechanical Design
  
  
    access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office
    Office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Microwave
    microwave
  
  
    Naval
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Production Manager
  
  
    profit
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    routers
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Scientific
  
  
    servers
  
  
    signal
generators
  
  
    SPC
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    switches
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    troubleshoot
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    View
  


