
828 E. Flamingo Rd. Apt.331           	DAVID M. POLENSEK	     			  
Las Vegas, NV 89119			     davidpolensek@yahoo.com				(678) 756-0650



EDUCATION
University of West Georgia, Carrollton GA
Master of Business Administration									8/08
International Business,  Strategic Management, Marketing, 3.6 GPA
Bachelor of Science, Marketing 									5/06
 Member: International Students Club and Marketing Club

SKILLS &amp; QUALIFICATIONS
International Experience 
Summer studies program at the London School of Economics in London, England.
Basic conversational Italian and Spanish, quick ability to learn languages.
Strong understanding of international cultures - Latin, European, and Middle-Eastern. 
Lived with over 11 students from all over the world from 9 different countries in 4 different  
      continents over a 5-year period at college. 
Lived for a collective month in Italy.
Computer Skills
Expert in Hyperion Reporting Software and business modeling. 
Proficient in Microsoft Office: Excel, PowerPoint, and Word.
Very familiar with Forecast-X forecasting software.
PERSONAL SKILLS
EXCELLENT ORAL AND WRITTEN SKILLS. STRONG LEADER WITH ABILITY TO ADAPT AND MOTIVATE.


EXPERIENCE

Border Incorporated - Carrollton, GA	
Regional Marketing Manager											         9/09 - 5/10
Supervise three separate restaurants simultaneously.
Oversee staff of over 100 employees.
Handle budget, advertising, marketing, and payroll expenses.
In charge of all ordering and shipping responsibilities.
Surpassed set sales quotas every month by over twenty percent.

Domino's Pizza - Carrollton, GA
Corporate Manager/ Operations	          	       									 12/08 - 9/09
Assisted in building sales to meet company goals.
Managed all costs. 
Provided excellent customer service.
Provided training to team members.
Enforced product quality standards at all times.
Ensured all areas of training are completed and that team members are equipped to resolve all customer issues.
Maintained effective communication at all times.
Responded to customer complaints in a quick and positive manner.

Graham Tractor, Incorporated - Burlington, NC
Internship - Marketing and Advertising							                     Summers 2005-2008
Drove and met quarterly sales quotas.
Provided assistance in regional re-direct advertising campaign.
Assisted in product research and development as well as placement.

University of West Georgia - ITS Department, Carrollton, GA
Graduate Research Assistant - Student Center Computer Lab Manager	        	                     8/07 - 2/08
In charge of Student Center computer labs and operations.
Responsible for a staff of 14 employees, quality control and procedures.
Accomplished in planning, scheduling and projects to completion.
Oversaw development of student programs, managing, and supervising employees.

University of West Georgia - Graduate School, Carrollton, GA
Graduate Research Analyst - Marketing Department							8/06 - 2/07
In charge of on-line marketing project for Graduate School.
First department on-line marketing campaign, able to reach 50% more potential students.
Accomplished in marketing scheme and development, advertising, and cross- department communications. 
      Worked successfully with Pro-Quest Inc. Worked together in achieving marketing goals and implementation. 

Midrange Blue, Inc. - Buford, GA									          5/00 - 8/05
Marketing/ Executive Assistant    
Monitored daily activities:  shipping, payroll, staff procedures, presentations and assistant work.
Handled market research, logistics, appointments and travel arrangements for executives.



* References available upon request.


 












  
    a level
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business modeling
  
  
    business plan
    business plans
  
  
    EXCELLENT ORAL
  
  
    excellent customer service
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Hyperion
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    Marketing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    Quest
  
  
    quick
  
  
    relationship marketing
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    scheme
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    supervising
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    WRITTEN SKILLS
  


