
BRENDA W. WILSON
4929 Wenonah Drive    Dallas, TX 75209
H (214) 357-5740  C (214) 808-8013   Email: brwilson3678@sbcglobal.net


ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT/DATA ENTRY OPERATOR
CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Enhancing productivity through superior administrative, customer service and database support

Consistent achievements as a strong contributor to organizational productivity through expertise in database administration, high quality customer service and meticulous follow-up. Exceptionally well-organized with a background that demonstrates a strong work ethic, team focus and initiative to achieve objectives. 
Key Value-Offered Qualifications

Alpha Numeric Data Entry    Customer Care    Credit Administration
Mortgage Processing    Loan Verification    Clerical Support    Research    Skills Training
Payroll Processing    Supply Requisition &amp; Purchase Invoices    Mail Distribution
Proofreading    Preparing Correspondence    Report Generation    Filing     Office Management
Computer and Technical Proficiency

Computer: Microsoft Word, Excel (basic to intermediate), PowerPoint (basic to intermediate)
Internet, proprietary software
School requisition and accounting software; typing: 60 wpm: copy and statistical typing
Data Entry: alphanumeric: 10399 keystrokes per hour; 10 key: 10418 keystrokes per hour
Dictaphone; electronic calculator


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
STAFF FORCE PERSONNEL SERVICES, Dallas, TX					    5/16/11 to 10/14/11
Temporary staffing, permanent placement and high-volume workforce specialty business
Data Entry Operator/Accounting - Assigned to Alexander's Mobility Services (5/16/11 to 10/14/11)
Accurate data entry of Revenue for company into Citrix Accounting Software, ten-key by touch, proofreading, scanning documents, entering data into Excel, and use of Group Wise Email.
Completed assignments with a high level of accuracy, demonstrated attention to detail and focused on continuous process improvement. 

AFFILIATED COMPUTER SERVICES, INC. (ACS), Dallas, TX	2/11/08 to 1/20/2011		
Global leader in business process and information technology services
Transaction Processor
Perform high volume alpha/numeric data entry of mortgage loans for the purpose of document identification.
Consistently met and exceeded quality standards of 99% or better for document accuracy and loan number accuracy. Reliably met and exceeded 3-minute processing time per batch/fax.
Completed assignments with a high level of accuracy, demonstrated attention to detail and focused on continuous process improvement. 

continued on page 2-


BRENDA W. WILSON H (214) 357-5740 C (214) 808-8013    EMAIL: BRWILSON3678@SBCGLOBAL.NET

RANDSTAD WORK SOLUTIONS, Dallas, TX	11/14/05 to 9/13/07
Temporary staffing, permanent placement and high-volume workforce specialty business
Contract positions assigned to Citi:
Credit Administration Officer
Processed credit applications for Texas Express Credit Center applying adept data entry and customer service skills. 

General Office Assistant
Generated and organized file sheets with extensive usage of filing and data entry skills. 

Customer Service Representative/Data Entry
Verified data of customers with Citi Financial and Daimler Chrysler auto loans. Employed extensive data entry and customer service skills. 

Contract position assigned to Ryder:
Data Entry/Researcher
Researched damage claims. Used Excel and performed data entry, filing and customer service.

Contract position assigned to t.a.c. Americas:
Data Entry Clerk
Entered health insurance benefits for employees into database application.

Contract position assigned to Analysis Group:
Clerical Assistant
Performed document indexing, organization and data processing using Access.

MULTIPLE CAREERS MAGNET HIGH SCHOOL, Dallas, TX	8/11/03 to 5/27/05
Magnet high school with 140 students for grades 9 through 12
Business Cluster Teacher
Taught students on Microsoft applications and usage of office equipment. Emphasized key office skills such as
alphanumeric filing, calculator operations and business communications. Contributed to overall success of students through adept lesson planning and execution. 

THOMAS RUSK MIDDLE SCHOOL, Dallas, TX	9/22/00 to 8/29/03
Middle school with 788 students for grades 6 through 8
Record-keeping and Career Investigation Teacher
Developed and implemented curriculum on banking and purchase/sale transactions. Credited with teaching students about career options and the fundamentals of job hunting. 

CAILLET ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, Dallas, TX	7/27/98 to 9/22/00
Elementary school with 724 students for grades PK through 5
Office Manager
Processed payroll and requisitions for 50+ teachers and staff.  Generated accounting fund reports monthly. Coordinated purchase invoices and check requests. Typed documents, ordered supplies and processed mail. Improved productivity by effectively organizing and managing daily activities of Principal's office.


EDUCATION
Master in Business Administration in General Business, Houston, TX
Bachelor of Science in Business Education, Texas Southern University, Houston, TX














  
    10 key
  
  
    ten-key by touch
  
  
    accounting
  
  
    Accounting Software
    accounting software
  
  
    alpha
  
  
    Microsoft applications
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    banking
  
  
    basic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    business communications
  
  
    business process
  
  
    calculator
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    customer service skills
  
  
    Data Entry
    data entry
  
  
    data processing
  
  
    database
  
  
    Dictaphone
  
  
    Email
  
  
    fax
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    Group Wise
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    office equipment
  
  
    office skills
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    page 2
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    process improvement
  
  
    proofreading
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Express
  
  
    Record-keeping
  
  
    Researcher
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Teacher
    teaching
  
  
    typing
    60 wpm
  


