
                                  Cosimo Caraglia
                       2115 Yeaman Place, #402, Nashville, TN 37206
                                    ccaraglia@gmail.com
                                        615.584.0101
                            http://www.LinkedIn.com/in/ccaraglia




Professional Profile


                   Business Development Professional
                       Extensive experience building business and client relations in
                       diverse and international business environments
                       Consistent ability to identify and win strategically important new
                       business contacts / projects. Considered to be a "Deal Closer"
                       Marketing expertise in Business to Business environments for the
                       Software/Electronics and Printing industries
                       Expertise in Product Management and introducing new products
                       (hardware and software) to the market
                       Working and living experience in Asia Pacific (Japan), Europe and
                       the United States


Skills &amp;
Accomplishments


         Fluent in 5 languages: English, Dutch, Italian, French and Spanish.
         Conversational usage of Japanese.
         Achieved a 40% Sales Increase in both 2004 and 2005 at Extron Electronics.
         Winner of Best Process Automation - JDF Implementation &#173; Europe at
         CIP4 2009 while at Komori International Europe.
         Successfully managed the European ERP Implementation Project to
         implement a new ERP system across all European offices for Komori
         International Europe in order to provide business intelligence and significant
         process improvements to the company. This resulted in an overall 35% cost
         reduction for Komori International Europe.
         Succeeded in creating the strategic relationships that gave consideration to
         Nedap NV and its products for Government Contracts. This resulted in Public
         Tenders specifying Nedap products for the construction of International
         Airports, banks and other major projects in Italy.
         Served as Vice-President (2006-2007) for the charitable foundation,
         Vereeniging Peru-Nederland in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Fund raising
         activities for earthquake relief in Ica, Peru raised 40,000 EUR (55,000 USD)
         which was given directly to survivors and their families.
Professional Experience


06/2010&#173;01/2012 NEDAP N.V., Groenlo, The Netherlands
                Business Development Manager
         Nedap NV a manufacturer of intelligent technological solutions for important
         global initiatives such as clean drinking water, smart networks and sustainable
         energy. Nedap is also the leading European manufacturer of smart RFID
         solutions.

            Developed new market areas for the Nedap AEOS access control systems
            Defined the strategy, portfolio and profit centers
            Created the market and developed business relationships in France, Switzerland
            and Italy where none existed previously


04/2007&#173;12/2009 Komori International Europe, Utrecht, The Netherlands
                Business Development Manager
         Komori is the leading Japanese manufacturer of offset printing presses

            Identified MIS (Management Information System) partners and developed the
            Komori / MIS relationship. Over 20 alliances developed where none existed
            previously.
            Worked with the MIS partners to train them on the JDF technology
            Development of training materials / courses in English, French, Dutch, Italian.
            Managed the technical development to make the Komori JDF and MIS systems
            work together.
            Development of pilot customers throughout EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and
            Africa): Denmark, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Czech Republic and The
            Netherlands.
10/2002&#173;04/2007 Extron Electronics, Amersfoort, The Netherlands
                 Technical Sales Manager
         Extron Electronics a leading American manufacturer of professional audio and
         video devices

              Built relationships with current dealers and manufacturers in the industry.
              Developed and expanded relationships with customers, business partners and
              regional sales teams.
              Managed a team of 5 sales / customer support specialists.
              Achieved 40% sales growth in 2004 and 2005.
              Advised on the entire Extron product line to international dealers in Benelux,
              Switzerland, Portugal, Spain, France, Italy and Turkey.
              Conceived and developed new applications and products for Extron.
              Organized and conducted training classes in English, Dutch, French and Italian on
              Extron products and applications.


2001 &#173; 2002      University of Eindhoven, Eindhoven, The Netherlands
                 Researcher
              Design, fabrication and characterization of optical devices
              Fabrication of the first integrated optical division multiplexer
              Reported in articles and spoke at conferences on a regular basis


2000 &#173; 2001      University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan
                 Researcher
              Developed simulation software
              Design of photonic crystal structures
              Optimized the conditions of fabrication




Education


         Dipl&#244;me d'Ing&#233;nieur (equivalent to M.Eng), 1998
         Ecole Nationale Sup&#233;rieure des Techniques Avanc&#233;es (Paris, France). One of the top
         10 Engineering Schools in France.
         Special courses: project management and software engineering

         DEA (equivalent to M.Sc.), Electronic Engineering, 1998
         Universit&#233; Paris XI (France).
         Special courses: microelectronics and optics

         Laurea degree (equivalent to M.Sc.), Electronic Engineering, 2000
         Politecnico di Milano (Milan, Italy)
         Special courses: mathematics and physics



  
    audio
  
  
    automotive
  
  
    Business Development
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    consolidations
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    crystal
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    Czech
  
  
    Dutch
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    English
  
  
    French
  
  
    Italian
  
  
    Japanese
  
  
    languages
  
  
    market
  
  
    mathematics
  
  
    access
  
  
    MIS
    Management Information System
  
  
    networks
  
  
    physics
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    Risk Management
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    software
              Design
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    video
  
  
    articles
  


