
    Raymond Waters
          7750 Stand Circle Apt. 404 Mechanicsville, VA 23111
                                   	     (804) 617-6746
      	 rjlwaters@yahoo.com
PROFILE:
I am a hardworking professional looking to secure a responsible career opportunity in Information Technology, wanting to utilize my professional training.  Goal oriented professional wanting to ensure contributions geared towards the success of the employer.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY:
Software: Microsoft Word 2003-2010, Excel 2003-2010, Access 2003-2010, Outlook 2003-2010, Windows 95-Windows 7, VMware, Adobe flash player. 
Hardware: PC's and Laptops, LAN servers, HP, Dell, Acer, Gateway, Sony, Xerox, and Lexmark printers, Brothers printers, various Ethernet networking devices, CD-ROMs.
Skills
Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defective components when necessary.
Load computer tapes and disks, and install software and printer paper or forms.
Configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software.
Select hardware and material, assuring compliance with specifications and product requirements.
Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.
Strong technical writing skills and familiarity with Microsoft Word.
Provide strong customer support.
Effective communication skills with the reliability of updating co-workers and management. 


EDUCATION 
August 2011- January 2012- ECPI School of Technology
Associates Computer and Information Science
Major: Network Security
August 2006-December 2010
Associates in Interdisciplinary Studies
Minor: Business Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Mechanicsville Honda/Dodge, Mechanicsville, VA
Car detailer/Inventory
Clean and refurbish new and used automobiles.
Small touch up work on automobile including minor repairs and painting.
Clean upholstery, rugs, and other surfaces, using cleaning agents, applications, and cleaning devices.

Derricott's E.L.P.T, Richmond, VA
Landscaper May 2009-August 2009
Gather and remove litter.
Rake, mulch, and compost leaves.
Operate powered equipment such as mowers, tractors, twin-axle vehicles, chain saws, and sod cutters.
Provide upkeep of sidewalks, driveways, parking lots, and other ground features.

Harrison's storage and Moving Company Chesapeake, VA
Warehouse May 2008-August 2008
Good record keeping skills and attention to detail.
Warehouse maintenance to help ensure industry sanitation and safety.
Shipping and receiving packages.



	






				






  
    Acer
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    automobiles
  
  
    CD-ROMs
  
  
    communication skills
  
  
    Hardware
    computer hardware
    hardware
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    Ethernet networking
  
  
    features
  
  
    flash
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Gateway
  
  
    HP
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Inventory
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Laptops
  
  
    Lexmark printers
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Windows 7
  
  
    Windows 95
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    network
    networking
    networks
  
  
    operating system
  
  
    painting
  
  
    PC's
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    record keeping
  
  
    repairs
    Repairing
  
  
    safety
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Shipping
  
  
    technical writing
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    troubleshoot
  


