
Doyle Jetton, Jr., MCSE 
11676 Milwaukee Street  |  Thornton, CO 80233
303.280.0064  |  Jr.Jetton@hotmail.com
Summary
Will bring leadership, organizational skills, and in-depth IT knowledge to your team. More than 11 years' experience in Information Technology and 6 years' experience in management. Former Navy and Army National Guardsman, with current federal security clearance. Able to work on-call in a 24/7 environment. Highly proficient in troubleshooting and resolving network and support issues. Familiar with financial, government and oil and gas industries. 
Qualifications
Military and Clearance
Former Navy and Army National Guardsman
Disabled Veteran
Federal Security clearance
MBI clearance
Public Trust clearance
Classified clearance

Leadership and Teamwork Skills
Improve customer service, perception, and satisfaction
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively
Reports any problems/ issues promptly
Participates on task forces and special projects as assigned.
Create and manage Processes and Procedures for all duties and tasks.
Software Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Exchange , Windows Server, Windows 7, Windows XP, Adobe
Hardware Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, iPads.
Managed office moves (to new building and internally)
Manage consolidation of printers (both personal and network)
Manage assets from acquisitions and mergers (integrated viable hardware and disposed of remaining hardware). 
Managed I.T. budgets
Keep management apprised of ongoing projects and any future planned projects. 
Worked with Chief Officers, owners and directors daily (Give daily updates about ongoing projects)
Was part of daily and weekly management team meetings (Give reports and PowerPoint's on budget and project status updates)
I.T. Purchasing agent for U.S.
Managed multiple I.T. and Telecom vendors for day to day operations and support
Maintain SLA's and low FCR
Trend and track tickets for KPI
Manage and organize day-to-day operations for support team, following IT Best Practices in accordance with ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library) methodologies. 
Resolve network and support issues, primarily budget, change control, materials management and asset management as part of management team. 
Screen resumes, interview job applicants, and hire candidates as needed. 
Train new employees to familiarize them with particular software and network functions.
Mentor new IT employees to assist them with any computer or network difficulties.
As part of customer service I instruct end users on basic computer, network and software uses and functions to allow them to apply skills at home on their computers.

Project Management and Organizational Skills
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Asset Management - Create initial inventory database and collected asset information.
Software Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Exchange , Windows Server, Windows 7, Windows XP, Adobe
Hardware Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, iPads.
Managed multiple office moves (new building and internally)
Managed consolidation of printers (both personal and network)
Managed assets from acquisitions and mergers. mergers (integrated viable hardware and disposed of remaining hardware)
Project lead for new office setups and expansions (network and telecom)
Purchasing agent
Vendor management
Budget management
Lead for installing and maintenance of Oracle/Access-based Waster Residue software, while tracking progress and milestones through Action Request System 4.0 Remedy. 
Team Lead for site-wide domain change.
Team Lead for email client deployment from Novell to Microsoft.
Region-wide hardware and image upgrade for over 800 users. Including new, current, and legend laptops. 
Team Lead for email upgrade from Lotus Notes 8.0 to 8.5.1. 
Lead Blackberry Upgrade Project
Lead Lotus Notes to Active Directory Locator List upgrade
Lead New image creation and rollout - 800 computers
Lead Asset Management (Acquisition and Excess process)

Support and Administration
Citrix Server System Admin - Desktop configuration for VPN use
Provide support to all end users. Investigate, communicate and troubleshoot issues to resolve
Repair and recover from hardware or software failures
Patch management for all OS
Maintain internal systems and remote site connectivity
Installed and maintained Data Center
Remote Support - LogMeIn, Bomgar, TeamView,
Remote Access Support - Juniper, Cisco VPN Citrix, Terminal Services
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Twenty-four hour support - Carry cell phone and laptop
Able to work evenings and weekends as needed for support
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively
Reports any problems/ issues promptly
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Active Directory  - Domain and OU Administrator
Microsoft Exchange 2003, 2007 and 2010 administration 
Software Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Exchange , Windows Server, Windows 7, Windows XP, Adobe, AutoCAD
Hardware Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, iPads.
System administration and technical support for a national audience of more than 4000 users
Microsoft Windows Server 2003, 2008 and 2010 administration 
Blackberry Enterprise Server administration 
SharePoint Experience 
Cisco, Avaya, Mitel VoIP experience 
Hardware and software troubleshooting
Create, maintain and monitor computer images 
Create and maintain Active Directory accounts 
Technical Writing - Expert
Creating Processes and Service Level Agreements 
Routers, Switches - Dell, Juniper, Cisco, Adtrans 
Event Log Management
LifeSize Video Conferencing 
Symantec backup 
SonicWall 
WAN (Cisco) 
EqualLogic  
Backup (Tape Libraries) 


Professional Experience	



Linc Energy Denver, CO
IT Manager	March 2011 - July 2011
Citrix Server System Admin - Desktop configuration for VPN use
Provide support to all end users. Investigate, communicate and troubleshoot issues to resolve
Repair and recover from hardware or software failures
Patch management for all OS
Maintain internal systems and remote site connectivity
Installed and maintained Data Center
Remote Support - TeamView
Remote Access Support - Juniper VPN, Terminal Services
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Twenty-four hour support - Carry cell phone and laptop
Able to work evenings and weekends as needed for support
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively
Reports any problems/ issues promptly
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Active Directory  - Domain Administrator
Microsoft Exchange 2007 and 2010 administration 
Asset Management - Create initial inventory database and collected asset information. Maintained asset information for all Linc Assets.
Managed all assets for three office expansions and one new office startup.
Software Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Exchange , Windows Server, Windows 7, Windows XP, Adobe Products
Hardware Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, iPads.
Managed all assets from mergers and acquisitions
Head of U.S. I.T. Operations
Maintained U.S. network
Managed I.T. vendors (I.T. Telecom, ISP, Mobile devices)
Maintained I.T. budget for U.S. offices 
Work with Global I.T. manager to plan and implement I.T. growth
Work with site office managers to plan employee growth
Purchasing agent for all I.T. related assets
Project Lead - data and telecom network expansion for multiple U.S. offices
Project Lead for new office in Baton Rouge
Performed break fix hardware and software repairs as needed
Installed and maintained new video conference equipment in all U.S. offices
Systems Administrator Server 2008 and 2010 
Systems Administrator Exchange 2007 and 2010 - Account creation, Data Stores, Permission, Mailbox size limits
Blackberry Exchange Server 5.0 Express - Account creation, maintenance and Permissions
Installed LifeSize video conferencing in all US offices.
Network Engineer for all U.S. offices
Create processes for I.T. infrastructure
Work with Microsoft SharePoint - Permissions
Worked with Microsoft and Adobe Volume Licensing
Worked with client software installation and licensing 
Active Directory (Forest level administrator) Account creation, GPO creation, OU and Container creation, Security Group creation
Work with Mitel VoIP and Avaya phone systems
Worked with Apple products and OS
Worked with CodeTwo
Worked with App Stores
Worked with Apple IPad
Worked with Android Phones





Catapult Technology	August 2009 - November 2010
Environmental Protection Agency Denver, CO Site Director                                    	 	
Provide support to all end users. Investigate, communicate and troubleshoot issues to resolve
Repair and recover from hardware or software failures
Remote Support - Bomgar
Remote Access Support - Juniper VPN, Terminal Services
Twenty-four hour support - Carry cell phone and laptop
Able to work evenings and weekends as needed for support
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively
Reports any problems/ issues promptly
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Active Directory  - OU Administrator
Asset Management - Created initial inventory database and collected asset information. Maintained asset information for all Denver EPA Assets.
Software Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Exchange , Windows Server, Windows 7, Windows XP, Adobe Products, AutoCAD Products
Hardware Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, iPads.
Manage and organize day-to-day operations for support team, following IT Best Practices in accordance with ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library) methodologies 
Network and hardware support for 850 users
Project Manager for 800 laptop rollout (upgraded desktops to laptops per EPA request) and Lotus Notes upgrade - Project was finished within the six month time frame.
Managed Office moves
Managed budget for IT Support
Active Directory (Container level Administrator) - Account creation, Permissions, Group Policy
Desktop Support - Remote and office visits
Incident\Request trending and tracking via Remedy
Monitored printer administration via Web JetAdmin
Audio\Visual technology and configuration with Tandberg products
Work with all VP's and Directors.
SQL queries and reports for multiple databases
Big Fix Enterprise - Software Deployment and Asset Management data gathering
Avaya VoIP Phone system


Catapult Technology
U.S. Bureau of Reclamation Lakewood, CO Team Lead	May 2005 - August 2009		
Citrix Server System Admin - Desktop configuration for VPN use
Provide support to all end users. Investigate, communicate and troubleshoot issues to resolve
Repair and recover from hardware or software failures
Patch management for all OS
Maintain internal systems and remote site connectivity
Installed and maintained Data Center
Remote Support - Bomgar
Remote Access Support - Juniper, Cisco VPN Citrix, Terminal Services
Twenty-four hour support - Carry cell phone and laptop
Able to work evenings and weekends as needed for support
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively
Reports any problems/ issues promptly
Asset Management - Create initial inventory database and collected asset information. Maintained asset information for all Denver BOR Assets.
Active Directory OU Administrator
Microsoft Exchange 2003, 2007 administration 
Software Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Exchange , Windows Server, Windows 7, Windows XP, Adobe Products, AutoCAD Products
Hardware Asset Management (MS Access Database) - Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, iPads.
Manage and organize day-to-day operations for support team, following IT Best Practices in accordance with ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library) methodologies 
Network and hardware support for 1200 users
Managed Office moves
Managed budget for IT Support
Managed printer conversions )personal and network)
Team Lead for rollout of 600 Desktops, Domain Change and Outlook 2010 upgrade project. All three rollouts culminated as one project. Project was completed within seven months.
Incident\Request trending and tracking
Daily Call Ticket creation, tracking and monitoring-Using HEAT
Desktop Support - Remote and office visits
SQL query and reports for Ticketing database
Symantec


Pulte Mortgage Englewood, CO. Support Engineer					        2003-2005
Remote Access Support - Cisco VPN, Terminal Services
Twenty-four hour support - Carry cell phone and laptop
Able to work evenings and weekends as needed for support
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively
Active Directory OU Administrator
Microsoft Exchange 2003 administration
Reports any problems/ issues promptly
Improve customer service, perception and satisfaction
Supported 250 users
Created tickets via Clarify
Managed Office move to new building
Desktop Support - Remote and desk visits - Terminal Services, Remote Desktop, SMS (Trouble shoot any Network issues from the computer to the Server)
Active Directory (Container level Administrator) - Account creation, Permissions, Group Policy
Exchange 2003 - Account creation, Account orphaning
Blackberry Exchange Server 3.6 - Account creation and maintenance
Image maintenance - Symantec Ghost
Printer hardware maintenance
Crystal Reports reporting
System Administrator Exchange 2000
Work with VP's and CEO


Aurora Loan Services Aurora, CO. Network Technician III			                2002-2003
Supported over 200 users
Created tickets via HEAT
Assisted with Novell GroupWise upgrade from 5.5 to 6.5
Ran Tape Backups for Server 2000 and AS400
Monitored Windows and AS400 Servers
Image Maintenance - Symantec Ghost
Supported Crystal Reports 
Printer Support (Web JetAdmin, Telnet)


DynCorp Inc.\Rocky Flats Golden, CO .Sr. Network Technician			                 2000-2002
Provided Tier I, II, and III support for 4,000 computers
Created tickets via Remedy
Assisted with site wide upgrade from Windows NT to Windows 2000
Worked with some Mac computers (support and encryption)
Image Maintenance

Education 
University of Phoenix - Denver, Colorado 
Bachelors of Science, Information Technology, 2008
Masters Candidate -  Information Systems - 15 hours to completion 

Certifications
A+
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE), 2000 
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), 2000
Dell Hardware Certified - All Product Lines
Certified Outlook 2007 Trainer
Dell Certified Technician

6




  
    A+
  
  
    acquisitions
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    Adobe Products
    Adobe
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    Asset Management
    asset management
  
  
    Audio
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    Backup
    backup
    Tape Backups
  
  
    basic
  
  
    Budget management
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    Clarify
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    encryption
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service I
    customer service
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    Desktops
    desktops
  
  
    email
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    frame
  
  
    Ghost
  
  
    Novell GroupWise
  
  
    HP OpenView
  
  
    Image
    image
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    ISP
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    Laptops
    laptops
  
  
    Leadership
    Team Lead
  
  
    Linc
  
  
    Lotus Notes
    Lotus Notes 8.0
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    materials management
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    mergers and acquisitions
    mergers
  
  
    Access
    MS Access
  
  
    Microsoft Certified Professional
    MCP
  
  
    Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer
    MCSE
  
  
    Exchange
    Microsoft Exchange
  
  
    Microsoft Exchange 2003
  
  
    Exchange Server 3.6
    Exchange Server 5.0
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows 7
    Microsoft Windows
    Windows
  
  
    Windows 2000
    2000
  
  
    Windows NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network Engineer
  
  
    Network and hardware
  
  
    network and support
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    DBA
  
  
    Organizational Skills
  
  
    Phone system
    phone systems
  
  
    POS
  
  
    Printer
    printer
    printers
  
  
    Processes
    processes
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Lead
    Project lead
    Project
Lead
    Project Management
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    Express
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    Sales Management
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    Service Level Agreements
    SLA
  
  
    SMS
  
  
    software installation
  
  
    software troubleshooting
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    Switches
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    System administration
  
  
    Teamwork
  
  
    technical support
    Desktop Support
  
  
    Technical Writing
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    Telecom
    telecom
  
  
    Phones
    phone
  
  
    Telnet
  
  
    Trainer
  
  
    Trend
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    troubleshoot
  
  
    upgrades
    Upgrade
    upgrade
  
  
    Vendor management
  
  
    video
  
  
    Video Conferencing
    video conferencing
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  


