
RISHI SHARMA 	           		                         
Contact: +91 9662213010
Email: rishisharmaqa@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVES

My endeavor will be to deliver the organizational targets consistently and to grow with the company through the use of my technical, analytical and inter-personal skills.

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

I have overall experience of 3.4 years in which 2.7 years in software domain as Testing Engineer and 7 months in Telecom domain as Network Executive. I have also performed testing in mobile application in Android and iOS Apple platform. 

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
Seed Certified Software Tester

DOEACC O LEVEL Certified Business Professional Programmer

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems         	Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7	

Web Technologies          	C#.NET, VB.NET, ASP. NET, Java Script, VB Script HTML, FOXPRO
  Ext Js, Google Web Toolkit, HTML5 &amp; CSS3,JQuery and JQuery           Mobile.	

Mobile Technologies        	Android OS 2.2 Froyo, Apple iOS, Sencha Touch	

Languages	C, C++,	

Database  	SQL Server 2000 , Oracle 10g	

Testing Tools                 	HP Quick Test Professional 10.0,Selenium 2.0,Nunit 1.2,Junit	

Configuration Tools        	Microsoft Visual Source Safe 6.0	

Defect Reporting	Bugzilla, Redmine, JIRA 4.4, and Quality Center 9.2	


I have also completed two technical training as per company mandate in Bharti Airtel.

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Almighty Technologies	Software Test Engineer	Jan 2011 - June 2011




Netlink Information Technologies and Management	Software Test Engineer	Mar 2010 -Jan 2011	

Bharti Airtel Ltd	Network Executive	Aug 2009 - Mar 2010




SVPM Solutions	Software Developer	Oct 2008 - May 2009	


PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

You WIFI  

(Oct 2011-Till Date)	Java, Oracle 8g, IE 7.0/8.0/9.0, Firefox 3.6/4.0, Mobile Website, Bugzilla 3.2 Windows XP and Windows 7	You Broadband and Cable India Ltd	4 members	


Project Summary: This application is mainly aimed for customers to access complimentary (free) wi-fi internet access in Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport Mumbai, ISCON Mall and at various locations in Surat. The main concept of this application is the wifi is detectable in laptop and mobile devices where customers have to just fill in Customer Application Form and send the registration message to the company's toll free number and the customer get registered to access free internet for definite hours.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Test Engineer I was responsible for the following - 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functional testing, Usability Testing, Performance testing and Regression testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla 3.2.
Fair knowledge of SDLC and STLC life cycles.
Proficient in Test execution and Defect Management
Good Knowledge in Quality and Testing Concepts.
Performance testing using JMeter.

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

Oracle BRM OSS Application (July 2011-Till Date)	Java, Oracle 8g, IE 7.0/8.0/9.0, Firefox 3.6/4.0, Mobile Website, Bugzilla 3.2 Windows XP and Windows 7	You Broadband and Cable India Ltd	4 members	


Project Summary: This application is mainly aimed to handle the details of You customers in various parts of country. This application helps different users to manage customer efficiently according to their need. User can search customer details, manage issues and generate daily customer reports. Marketing Team, Human Resource and Customer support can track and manage employees and customers efficiently using single application at same time.  
Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Test Engineer I was responsible for the following - 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functional testing, Usability Testing, Performance testing and Regression testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla 3.2.
Fair knowledge of SDLC and STLC life cycles.
Proficient in Test execution and Defect Management
Good Knowledge in Quality and Testing Concepts.

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

Rate my agent

(Jan-2011 to Mar-2011)	ASP.NET, C#, SQL server 2008, IE 7.0/8.0,Firefox 3.4/3.6, Selenium 2.0, Bugzilla 3.2 and Windows XP 	Almighty Technologies	4 members	

Project Summary: This application is mainly aimed to handle the details of real estate agents of USA. This application helps the different users to rate their agents according to their market research and buying, selling information of real estate. People can search agents and buy and sell their properties.
Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Test Engineer I was responsible for the following - 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functional testing, Usability Testing, Performance testing and Regression testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla 3.2.
Worked with Selenium and NUnit for web Testing.


Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

What I Pay

(Mar-2011 to June 2011)	Android SDK 2.2, Eclipse Helios, Windows XP, SQL Lite,Web Services, XML	Almighty Technologies	4 members	


Project Summary: This application is utility bill tracking application which can be accessed through Android based mobile handsets. In this application user can add their bills and track the occurrence of their bills in periodical basis which is selected by the user.
  Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Test Engineer I was responsible for the following - 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functional testing, Usability Testing, Performance testing and Regression testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla 3.2.
Manual Testing is adapted for the application.
Selenium for Android app testing.

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

Acme Cellar

(Feb-2011 to May -2011)	IPad, Cocoa, Objective C, XCode, Mac OS X 10.5, SQL Lite, Web Services, XML	Almighty Technologies	4 members	


Project Summary: This application is developed for Winery dining through which server can take orders in their Ipad's provided by the organization and serve wine to their customers. All the data taken in this application is collected in a server through web services for generating bills and recording feed backs provided by customer. This application is mainly developed to maintain paperless cashier system
Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Test Engineer I was responsible for the following - 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functional testing, Usability Testing, Performance testing and Regression testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla 3.2.
Manual Testing is adapted for the application.
Selenium for iOS IPad app testing

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

Insurance Processing System 

(Mar-2010 to Jan 2011)	ASP.NET,C#.NET,IIS 5.1,SQLSERVER2005,IE 7.0/8.0,Firefox3.4/3.6,QTP 10.0,Bugzilla 3.2, and Windows XP 	Almighty Technologies	4 members	


Project Summary: This application is mainly aimed to handle the details like Agents information's, Policy information and holder's information. This application helps the different users to maintain the different department details, and it generates multiple reports based on different conditions
Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Test Engineer I was responsible for the following - 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functional testing, Usability Testing and Regression testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla 3.2 and Track+3.7.
HP Quick Test Professional was used to generate automated test scripts for functionality.
Created and Implemented Key-word driven framework.
Extensively performed Manual Testing process to ensure the quality of the software.

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

Maintenance and Operation of Optical fiber
(Aug-2009 to Mar 2010)	Optical fiber communication	Bharti Airtel Ltd	4 members	


Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Network Executive I was responsible for the following - 
Installation and commissioning of ALCATEL SDH equipment 1662 SMC, 1660SMC STM-1, STM-4, STM-16 and Tellabs 6350,7200.
Trouble shooting Network Problems Related to Optical Fiber, (Alcatel SDH, ECI 100,300, 2000, Nortel 16Xe).
Configuration and monitoring of Routers and Switches.
Configuration of Dense Wave Division Multiplexers.
Maintenance of diesel generators and ACs.

Project Name and Duration	Environment	Organization	Team Size	

PWD Accounts Management System

(Oct -2008 to May -2009)	Visual Studio 2005, C#, SQL Server 2000, MS Office 2003, .Net Framework 2.0	SVPM Solutions	4 members	


Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Software Developer I was responsible for the following - 
Coding, Unit Testing, Deployment, Support and Maintenance.
Wrote SQL queries and stored procedures.
Wrote code using object oriented programming techniques.
Ensured timely delivery of work products.
Was a team player with interpersonal skills and communication skills

ACADEMIC PROFILE

QUALIFICATION	INSTITUTION	BOARD/UNIVERSITY	YEAR	AGGREGATE	

B.E	Sagar Institute of Research &amp; Technology	Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwaidyalaya	2008	74.9	

XII	Maharishi Vidya Mandir	CBSE	2004	55.8	

X	Maharishi Vidya Mandir	CBSE	2001	59.4	


ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Accounts Management System
This system is exhaustive software designed to incorporate all transactions of Public Works Division, Jabalpur in the accounts of divisional officer. The Public Works Accounts is based on principles of double entry book keeping system as embodied in central Public Works Accounts code. The system applies to all the Public Work Division of State governments. The Client can generate bills and vouchers and their corresponding entries in cashbook and allied accounts records in a rational manner. The software manages the inflows and outflows of Government funds. The software is in keeping with all the accounting principles and Government rules.
Technologies Used: VISUAL STUDIO 2005, C#.NET,SQL SERVER 2000,FRAMEWORK 2.0,
ASP.NET 2.0
IR Sensing Robot Using Microcontroller
This is a hardware car containing fire extinguisher at its top to extinguish fire in large buildings using an infrared remote to control its motion while extinguishing fire.
Tools Used: Metalinks ASM 51

IR Music Transmitter and Receiver
It contains two circuits one is used for transmitting music beats using music generator IC and the another one is to receive these signals and produce audible signals to the listener. The idea behind it is to reduce the wiring cost for big auditoriums and halls. These signals can also be transmitted using infrared devices and frequency.

SEMINARS ATTENDED
Chip Focus (2007) - Conducted in association with Computer Society of India and Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering.					
Ripple 2005 - Conducted by Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology.


ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL TRAININGS UNDERTAKEN

Certified Business Professional Programmer from DOEACC Society
(DOEACC 'O' Level Certified).

Successfully completed "WEB AND WINDOWS APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT using C#.NET" from Netlink Institute of Information Technology and Management.

Completed 3-weeks training from All India Radio, in radio networks Bhopal.

Completed 15-days training from Radio Headquarters governed by M.P. Police on police radio networks.

HOBBIES

Playing cricket, surfing internet

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of Birth		: 1-Oct-1985
Father's Name		: Satish Chandra Sharma
Mother's Name		: Durgesh Sharma
Marital Status		: Single
Passport No		: G6215852 (valid thru 15-January-2018)

Permanent Address
132, Kalpana Nagar, Raisen Road, Piplani, Bhopal-21

Temporary Address
86 Someshwar Nagar Part 2,Behind Mitali Gas Agency, Behstan, Udhna Surat 

DECLARATION
I hereby declare that above furnished information is true to best of my Knowledge.  




  
    VB.NET
    C#.NET
    ASP. NET
    .Net
    ASP.NET
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    Broadband
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    Cable
  
  
    cashier
  
  
    communication skills
    interpersonal skills
  
  
    concept
  
  
    CSS3
  
  
    Customer support
  
  
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    Engineer I
  
  
    FOXPRO
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HTML5
    HTML
  
  
    Human Resource
  
  
    IIS 5.1
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    IE 7.0
  
  
    internet access
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Java Script
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    market research
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Windows 7
  
  
    Windows 2000
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    word
  
  
    Network
  
  
    Nortel
  
  
    object oriented programming
  
  
    Oct
  
  
    Operating Systems
    OS 2.2
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Developer I
  
  
    Oracle 8
  
  
    OSS
  
  
    Coding
    Programmer
  
  
    QTP
    Quick Test Professional
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    recording
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    selling
  
  
    SDH
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Visual Source Safe 6.0
  
  
    SQL server
    SQL
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    SQLSERVER
  
  
    Switches
  
  
    team player
  
  
    technical training
  
  
    Trouble shooting
  
  
    Usability Testing
  
  
    VB Script
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    Website
  
  
    XML
  


