
Kedar Kulkarni
	Kedar.kv@gmail.com
	001-651-434-7753.
 								Current Employer: L&amp;T InfoTech Ltd. 	                                                                                    
Summary:
Application Software Development, Maintenance and Production Support experience for over 7 years.
Over 4 Years of Functional experience in Personal and P &amp; C Insurance domain. 
Proficient in all phases of Requirement Management, including gathering, analyzing, detailing and tracking requirements.
Expertise in technologies PHP, Java Script, VB,ASP
Experience in Designing, Modeling and Development of Database using Oracle and SQL Server2005. Have worked on highly complex SQL queries.
Proven expertise in building and implementing Policy Administration System for personal lines of insurance(Auto/Home/Umbrella)
Ability to work on Iterative projects using  waterfall project plan (which Business Understands) and doing development using Agile Concepts (Scrum Framework) in form of sprints within Iterations
Hands on experience on supporting large environments 24/7 and to maintain high availability of applications
Ability to handle Critical Situations in technically challenging and politically hot circumstances.
Expert in project transition from vendors using transition status report, KT score card to generate knowledge capture documents
Experience in preparing User Manuals, Technical Documentation and Training. 
Excellent communication skills and Performance equally good when independent as well as in team
Worked as onsite coordinator and team lead for big team as of 11
Skills: 
Databases	 	Oracle 9i,MS SQL Server 2000/2005, 
Web Technologies	PHP, Java Script HTML                                                                                                                                                                                                  
O S 			WINDOWS 95/98/NT/2000/XP/2003
Tools	COM, Visual Source Safe, IIS 5.0, Remedy 6.11, Crystal Report 9.0, TFS, Tortoise SVN
GUI 	                             Visual Basic 6.0, ASP
Languages	               C++,VC++

Achievements:
Has won "Star Performer" award for Personal Lines Policy Decisions project at L&amp;T Infotech.
Completed INS 21 (AICPCU) certification. 
Has won two successive team awards for learning new domain in record short time at Honeywell.
Successfully completed the 6-Months E-commerce Diploma from APTECH Pune with distinction.
Currently undergoing through Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration (PGDBA) course.

Professional Experience:
TechXpress - Commercial Lines (Travelers)					Location: St.Paul, MN	

Period - Oct 2008 - Feb 2009
A traveller is the nation's leader in insurance coverage for global technology companies. They have customized products designed to address the evolving risks of a fast-paced industry Line of business - General Liability, Commercial Auto, Workers' Compensation, Umbrella.
Being at client side, I was responsible for requirement capturing, analysis, developing and resolving e2e integration related issues.
Responsible for designing, analysis and developing UI and business rules module for GL and Umbrella LOB.
Responsible for Trouble shooting various environmental and system issues faced in integration of the TechXpress.
Participate/Lead in activities like internal / external  quality audits 
Coordinating with internal integration team for the development of changes and customization proposed by client in base system.
Providing demo of the System, Work-flow, and Functionalities to business users from client side.
Maintaining SLA's for all cases as per agreement with customer. 
Getting involved initial investigations and preparing RCA's for all faults.

Environment: ASP, VB, SQL Server 2005, Crystal Report, IIS 5.0

Loss Sensitive Pricing - Commercial Lines (Travelers)				Location: Pune/India	

Period - Nov 2007 - Oct 2008
The client server application which produces the insurance rating plan for which the final premium is dependent on the actual losses during the period the plan is in effect. This type of plan provides an incentive for insureds to emphasize safety and loss control activities. Deductible plans, retrospective rating plans, dividend plans, and retention plans are all examples of loss sensitive plans. The Loss Sensitive Pricing (LSP) tool has been designed to replace the multitude of disconnected pricing exhibits and systems that have historically been used in the Commercial Lines' National Accounts organizations to price loss sensitive deals.
Created Win form for entering Exposure and Loss pick data
Modified existing VB forms as per the new enhancement
Worked extensively in Database -SQL 2000- Creation of SPs and, tables and Performance tuning using Profiler.
Responsible for the entire delivery of software from offshore.
Participate/Lead in activities like internal / external quality / security audits, PMR and Defect Prevention meetings. 
Responsible for handling &amp; reporting issues over regular Conference call with Clients, Support Teams.

Environment: VB6.0, SQL Server 2000, COM, Crystal Report
General Motors						                       Location: Mumbai, India/London, UK	

Period - April 2006 - Nov 2007
Gathering of orders of dealers on delivery of spare parts; Granting of the information to dealers; the forecast of sales; the reporting on retails; the publication of educational, analytical and other materials for dealers; It is "Corporate Computerized Wholesale and Retail Sales Management System for Goods and Products Distributed through GM CIS and GM DAT Distribution Networks - Dealers.
Involved in the Knowledge transfer phase of the application.
Involved in critical phase of application loading in development/test environment.
Responsible for the entire delivery of software from offshore.
Analyse requirements, raise queries, prepare/review the Requirements document/High Level Design (HLD)
Providing support to various test phases and Production environment for various old and ongoing developments. 
Participate in Release Planning Meetings, Estimation discussions with various components and scope definition for various releases for impacted platforms.
Environment: VB6.0, SQL Server 2000, COM, Crystal Report

Load Rack Computer (LRC) for terminal automation system	               Location: Pune, India	

Period-July2004-Apr 2006
The application built for 'Terminal Automation' (TA) defines the automatic control systems and their Implementation in the marketing and distribution terminals of petrochemical companies, like BPCL, IOCL and HPCL. Load Rack Computer (LRC) mainly concerned with Tank Truck Loading (TTL). The whole product consists of software to interact with the various Third Party Vendor instruments such as 
Card Reader, Access Control Units, Batch Controller, and Terminal Server. 

Responsible for Development of interface for new Contrec Batch Controller Device (Third party device).
Responsible for Development and Customization of interface for Access control unit device.
Responsible for Customization of- Loading Sequences, Weighbridge Application, Barrier Gate Application, of Tank Farm Management System.
Environment: C++, ATLCOM, SQL Server 2000, Visual Basic6.0, COM, Plantscape R500 (SCADA). 


"Quansoft" GUI For Instrument Quantica.	                                                                        Location: Pune, India	

Period-June2003-June 2004.
The Bioinformatics Product consists of Instrument (Thermal Cycler) and wizard based software to interact with the instrument. The instrument and driver for that instrument is developed at and by Techne, UK and software for interacting with the instrument is build at TATA Infotech, Pune. 

Responsible for Development and Customization of home page module, results editor module, Turbo Wizard module.


Overall Responsibilities as Project Lead-
Single point of Contact for client for communication within team.
Facilitate resolution of operational issues at Dallas either directly or route it to the right individual  Awareness and compliance to "code of conduct" and other onsite related guidelines for team
Ensuring adherence to time booking deadlines 
Onsite Leave Tracking and working with offshore project managers to ensure backfilling during leave period or making up for lost hours 
New Consultant Planning and Transition

EDUCATION:

Master Of Computer Science(MCS) University of Pune, India 2002




  
    Apache
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    BA
  
  
    C++
  
  
    client server
  
  
    COM
  
  
    interpersonal
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    Controller
  
  
    Crystal Report 9.0
    Crystal Report
  
  
    Client
    client
    Clients
  
  
    Databases
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    E-commerce
  
  
    editor
  
  
    fast
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GL
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IIS 5.0
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    Java Script
    Java  Script
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Meetings
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Windows 9
    Win
  
  
    2000
  
  
    WINDOWS 95
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    O S
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle9
  
  
    page
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    pick
  
  
    Pricing
    pricing
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    Project Lead
  
  
    publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Retail Sales
  
  
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SCADA
  
  
    SPs
  
  
    SLA
  
  
    Visual Source Safe
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    SQL Server
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
    SQL 2000
  
  
    tables
  
  
    Terminal Server
  
  
    Trouble shooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    type
  
  
    verbal Communication skills
  
  
    VB
  
  
    VB6.0
    Visual Basic 6.0
    Visual Basic6.0
  
  
    VC++
  
  
    Work-flow
    workflow
  
  
    written
  


