
Quantrell Jackson		   	           Page 2                                              

Quantrell O. Jackson
181  West 21st Street  Bayonne, New Jersey                  
Phone:  (804) 402-0202                       Email:  kwantrell@hotmail.com 	


Summary of Interests and Qualifications:
Aspiring feature film director and owner of editing and cinematography consultancy seeks experience on film and television shoots.  Skills include editing with Final Cut Pro, scripting with Celtx, animating characters with Maya and AutoCAD, along with set design and creation including greenscreen and lighting setups.   Formerly worked as an environmental engineer designing and supervising water and wastewater treatment plants along the East Coast of the United States from 1994 to 2007.

Core Competencies: 
Final Cut Pro
After Effects
Logic Pro



Maya
Photoshop
Illustrator	MS Office
AutoCAD
Celtx


Panasonic GH Series Cameras
Panasonic HMC Series Cameras
Aaton super16mm Film Cameras


Panasonic HVX Series Cameras
Arriflex 16mm Film Cameras
Canon 5/7D Cameras	

Experience Details: 
Cinematographer and Assistant Editor for Documentary by Director Miguel Picker

Internship, NailGun, New York, New York                                                                                                                            2011
Develop commercial ideas and camera shot layouts
Rotoscoping/Masking  in After Effects for graphic special effects 

The Rockaways.  New York, New York.									      2010
Cinematographer for thesis film by New York University Tisch School of the Arts graduate student Melanie Schiele.

Proprietor, Perception of Motion.  Bayonne, New Jersey.					    	    2009 - Present  
Capture footage for commercials, websites, video resumes, and film shorts using still, video, and film cameras
Edit digital video and sound recordings using Final Cut Studio and Logic Pro
Create and animate Title sequences and cartoon characters using After Effects and Maya
Write scripts for short film projects, capturing content in Celtx
Create set designs, including greenscreen set-ups for film shoots

Operations and Maintenance Specialist, Hazen and Sawyer, P.C.  New York, New York.		    2007 - Present 
Capture and edit footage for training and promotional videos for environmental engineering firm
Conduct start-up training and develop lesson plans, video, and PowerPoint presentations for new water treatment facilities 
Develop facility layouts using AutoCAD from sketches, field measurements, and verbal instruction
Develop dry and wet run equipment testing procedures, process control strategies, and performance documentation


	
Education:
New York University.  New York, New York.							    2007 - Present Bachelor of Science Candidate, Digital Communications and Media with a Film and Television Broadcasting Concentration.  
Degree Expected December 2012

Solar Productions.  New York, New York.							                                   2010
Shadow and Lighting Workshop

J. Sargeant Reynolds College.  Richmond, Virginia.						                       2005 - 2006
Associate's Degree Studies, Water/Waste Water Applied Sciences

Virginia Polytechnic Institute (Virginia Tech).  Blacksburg, Virginia.  				                      1994 - 1996 
Short School for Water Treatment

United States Air Force.  Loring Air Force Base, Maine.                                                                                          1990 - 1994
Environmental Support Specialization
	                       
Air Force Technical School.  Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas.  			                                                 1990
Water and Wastewater Operations












  
    After Effects
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Arts
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    Broadcasting
  
  
    content
  
  
    digital video
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Edit
    edit
  
  
    Film
    film
  
  
    Final Cut Pro
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Lighting
  
  
    Logic
  
  
    Maya
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    camera
    cameras
  
  
    Shadow
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    sound
  
  
    Television
  
  
    video
  
  
    websites
  


