
		Manuel A. Chavez
170 Zember Court.  Vista, CA 92083  (760) 889-6446 joehayabusa@me.com



Objective 
To secure a responsible and challenging position utilizing the training and expertise I received in U.S. Navy Medical Corps for career advancement opportunities. I am committed to a career that will employ my education and knowledge in the medical administrative/clinical field.
Summary of Qualifications
Strength in working within all phases of confidentiality and using discretion in handling sensitive  matters
Recognized for vigor in multiple areas of performance including high pressure, creative problem solving, communications and public relations
Experienced in a broad scope of administrative detail including scheduling meetings, setting up and maintaining complex filing systems.
Diplomatic and tactful with professionals and non-professionals at all levels
Computer proficient (Outlook, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Internet)
Strong oral and written communication skills, thrive in a deadline driven environment
Competent supervisory skills with effective training and motivational leadership skills
Able to prioritize a heavy workload, capable of meeting deadlines in a timely manner

Professional Employment History
Supervisor: Frankie Smith (707) 853-1810
May contact supervisor 

Provides medical services for Sailors and Marines in field. 
Provides technical and administrative assistance to support the operation and functions of Navy and Marine Corps field companies. 
Maintain medical equipment inventory.
Assists in the procurement and distribution of medical equipment for field use and combat areas. 
Maintain field treatment facilities.
 Renders first aid and emergency medical treatment to Sailors and Marines in the field.
 Coordinates and performs medical evacuation procedures. 
Ensures observance of field sanitary measures and preventive measures in specialized warfare. 
Conducts first aid and health education training programs.
Professional Employment History
Supervisor: Michael McCauley (858) 642-6466
May contact supervisor 

Schedule, cancel, and re-scheduled appointments appropriately.
Properly documented incoming calls in electronic health information systems.
Served as a liaison between patient and clinic staff.
Accurately entered patient information into computerized scheduling systems.
Operated switchboard, screened/forwarded calls, provided medical information, and took messages.
Used multiple computer software systems, spreadsheets, word processing, PowerPoint.
Appointed  morale and welfare coordinator for Patient Care Call Center staff
Triage symptomatic calls and emergent calls properly and annotated information in computerized patient record system and followed proper protocols. 
Updated and maintained patient demographics and medical history in database. 

Professional Employment History
Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center-Camp Pendleton, Ca
Medical Administrative Secretary, 2/08 to 11/08   
Supervisor: Dr. Christine Wagner (760) 763-1693
May contact supervisor

Monitored and scheduled patient activity in Camp Pendleton Concussion Clinic.
 Entered and submitted annual reports to Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine in accordance to policy and procedures.
Served as a liaison between Camp Pendleton Concussion Clinic and UC San Diego Medical Center Radiology Imaging Lab (RIL).
Accurately entered patient information into computerized scheduling systems.
Operated switchboard, screened/forwarded calls, provided medical information, and took messages.
Used multiple computer software systems, spreadsheets, word processing, PowerPoint.
Attended monthly staff meeting and tracked minutes. 
Prepared correspondences as requested by staff. 
Updated and maintained patient treatment plan and medical history in database. 
Recorded minutes for weekly meeting.


National Naval Medical Center-Bethesda, MD
Hospital Corpsman, United States Navy, 10/04 to 11/05
Supervisor: HM1 Tenaha - Deployed to Iraq (301) 295-4611 x3
May contact supervisor
 
Operated switchboard, screened and forwarded calls.
Provided information, took messages, and scheduled appointments.
Greeted visitors, directed them to specific destinations.
Listened to and resolved complaints from customers.
Utilized computer to document correspondences, revised instructions, and procedures.
Filed and maintained records.

United States Navy,-Okinawa, Japan
Hospital Corpsman, United States Navy, 9/02 to 10/04
Supervisor: HM1 Miller - Deployed to Afghanistan 
May contact supervisor

Answered multi-phone lines and directed calls appropriately.
Scheduled and confirmed patient appointments.
Compiled and recorded reports &amp; correspondences.
Interviewed patients to complete medical records.
Organized and maintained medical records, technical library, and files in accordance to Naval Hospital Policy and Procedures and Joint Commission.
Utilized word processing program to prepare documents, letters, and reports.
Transmitted medical information by mail, e-mail, and fax. 
Implemented closed medial record system for Naval Hospital in Japan including surrounding medical treatment facilities within the region.
Skills
  Medical Terminology                                  
  Great verbal communication skills              
   Strong prioritizing &amp; organizational skills   
  Knowledge of MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Internet)
  Human Resources Management 
  College level Math
  Medical Records &amp; ICD 9 procedure coding
  Type 70 WPM


Education
7/07 to Present		Embry Riddle University (graduating June 2012)
				Undergraduate
 Bachelors of Science in Technical Management  

Course study:
Advanced Computer Based Systems 
Principles of Management
Organizational Behavior
Leadership
Business Statistics 

				600 South Clyde Morris Blvd.
				Daytona Beach, FL 32114

12/01 to 04/02		Basic Hospital Corpsman School
				Great Lakes, IL

 2000			West Jordan High School Graduate
 West Jordan, UT











Page | 3



  
    administrative
  
  
    Call Center
  
  
    database
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    fax
  
  
    first aid
  
  
    Human Resources Management
  
  
    Imaging
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Math
  
  
    Medical Terminology
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    multi-phone lines
  
  
    Navy
    Naval
  
  
    organizational skills
    Organizational
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    coding
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    San
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    Statistics
  
  
    Supervisor
    supervisor
  
  
    switchboard
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    Type 70 WPM
  
  
    verbal communication skills
  
  
    word processing
  
  
    annual reports
  


