
		8780 Cottongrass St.
 MSIT, MSST, CIO, CFO, CISO, ISSP, GSL 		 	                          Waldorf, MD  20603
 									(301) 645-2463 (H)
									(301) 408-8420 (M)
Active TS/SCI							               ewayne.rose@gmail.com

PROFILE
An integrative information strategic thinker and transformative technical leader with domestic / international business acumen; seeking opportunity to leverage diverse professional and educational experience to meet organizational objectives and increase business value via demonstrated IT leadership, strategy development and execution, budgeting and financial management execution, information security analysis, and staff morale improvement. Create a culture of execution via enterprise-wide collaboration, intelligently driving change, and successfully influencing others to meet business objectives and transform the organization from "where it is" to "where it needs to be" by embracing information systems as a core enabler.

PROFESSIONAL COMPETENCIES

Strategic Planning &amp; Technical Leadership	  IT Program Management

Federal and Industry Enterprise Architecture	  Information Assurance / Security

Network Implementation &amp; Operations 		  Capital Planning &amp; Investment Control (CPIC)

Budgeting and Financial Management 		  Organizational Performance Management 

Business Enterprise Transformation / Strategic Change Management
		  
WORK HISTORY
Director of HRIS / IT Business Manager				 04/2003 - 04/2011
Naval Criminal Investigative Service - NCIS			              

Led a diverse team of employees and exercised overall responsibility for strategy and planning, and all business management aspects of Information Management (IM) and Information Technology (IT) for NCIS worldwide.  

Spearheaded a highly successful program in transitioning a worldwide Federal Law Enforcement Agency operating in 140 locations to implement an enterprise leadership methodology by collaborating with senior leaders on development of agency goals and objectives, performance measures and organizational priorities to ensure overall operational success.   

Led NCIS IT Strategy development and oversaw and aligned a $50 million dollar IT budget. Effectively executed IT programs to exceed performance objectives and outcomes consistent with organizational mission and vision, and aligned with best practices to include a Balance Scorecard approach and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) implementation principles.

Fostered a strategic tipping point and ensured work process improvements; developed and intricately leveraged a cohesive end-to-end Integrated IT Infrastructure Framework business process to connect organizational mission and vision to outcome performance measures, budget resources, and program execution and monitoring. Process produced seamless integration and institutionalization of best practices and was synergistically inculcated into the organization.

Designed the NCIS network operating infrastructure and led an Enterprise Architecture initiative to support worldwide network modernization and centralization of operations of multiple LAN/WAN network operating systems and servers. Developed governance and charter, oversaw working group comprised of senior leaders to ensure architecture optimization and coordination of technology and its impact on organization, which facilitated efficient use of resources and enhanced planning and decision making.

Lead Human Resources technical Information System and data integrity operation and implementation to integrate an authoritative Human Resource Information System (HRIS) program and oversee complexity of impact on current business practices and data migration to enhance existing web based application to ensure data and systems integrity while meeting mission objectives.

Implemented technical innovation and applied demonstrated competencies to resolve unique operational issues and turned critical challenges into opportunities by conducting strength, weakness, opportunities and threat analysis. Provided enhanced organizational IT capabilities by designing, configuring and installing network hardware and software for system administration to include strategic implementation of Citrix thin client multi-protocol/platform technology, and a clustered load balancing methodology on a Gigabit fiber backbone to ensure systems availability, functionality, and greater data redundancy. 

Managed and directed agency transition to a Windows 2000 network environment. Standardized overall network operations and operating systems, directory and file structures, and hardware and software platforms.  

Educated decision makers pertaining to information technology improvements based on concepts and approaches where precedents did not exist to include technical development and installation of a secured IT satellite communication infrastructure via public sector resources. Overcame barriers to success and achieved strategic plan outcome, and systems now used for mission critical high interest data sharing intelligence by the Department of Defense and law enforcement agencies. Attained security approval to operate (ATO), and interviewed for Government Information Technology article (June 2004).

Analyzed, developed and implemented worldwide data communication routing, information systems, and technical architecture and data transmission improvements encompassing three network classification topologies. Successful implementation and execution accomplished by innovative approach to Citrix thin client and clustered load balancing technology, advanced systems and routing technology to solve network and security challenges by integrating technology for secure communication purposes into architecture.

Regional Director of Information Technology, The Americas 
Swiss&#244;tel Mgmt. Corp/Raffles Int. Hotels &amp; Resorts				10/1994-2/2003

Directed the overall operation of a region comprised of ten business units throughout three countries with 12 direct reports. Designed, managed and oversaw organizations local and wide area network operations. Integrated and implemented innovative systems to simplify business requirements and generate additional revenue by identifying repeat guest and their preferences. This incorporated IT process and policy-change management on an individual business unit basis, and facilitated efficient alignment of IT resources, training, and system access for internal and external customer.

As an IT visionary, crafted the business case for a regionalized shared IT solution center concept to reduce cost and IT challenges due to rapid growth. Won senior management approval and strategically implemented this approach to save $250,000 to the bottom line on support and development, and proactively reduced off-line systems by 20%, which resulted in increased effectiveness and use of resources.

Successfully prepared and managed a multi-million dollar IT budget for staffing, overhead, and capital. Provided oversight for financial execution of program and corporate resources and served as financial point of contact for all IT resource management efforts. Standardize the IT budget process throughout the organization which focused on fiscal accountability for future IT requirements. Designed and implemented a standard IT Audit reporting process for monitoring IT operations and compliance with all worldwide locations to include Business Applications, Systems Administration, Communications, Networking, and IT Policy Compliance.   

Developed and oversaw an on-line shared services financial systems network to link business units throughout the region and allow senior management to track real time financial information. This generated a savings projection of $750, 000 the first year and $2.8 million per annum over three years. Managed the technical creation and implementation of a multi-million dollar reservations operation center to strategically realign business infrastructure and reduce duplication and operation costs. To facilitate alignment and goals, designed and implemented a computer program interface that automated reservation communication acceptance that reduced the need for 1 FTE, produced a 30% savings in staffing cost, and improved guest satisfaction by reducing dropped calls from 18% to 5%.

Adjunct Professor, Information Systems Management 
University of Maryland, University College					 06/2006-08/2006

As an adjunct professor for the University of Maryland, University College's undergraduate program, taught Information Systems Management concepts to students pursuing a degree in Information Technology. The education they received related to various technology concepts and included IT hardware, system firmware, operating systems, application development, and system programming. Predicated on a thorough understanding of information systems, communications and technology that spans over 20 years, developed hands on learning methodologies that stimulated students' technical learning ability, challenged critical thinking concepts, and fostered and reinforced their understanding of the subject matter.

Information Technology /Telecommunication Manager    
New York City Hotels						                06/1986 - 10/1994

Managed and oversaw an organizational network infrastructure interfaced with a proprietary Mainframe Property Management System. The network infrastructure was then integrated with the business PBX infrastructure to create a seamless technology platform. Further implementation and development of system policy and procedures were enacted to assist in the collection of lost telephone revenue. Further implementation and development of system policy and procedures were enacted to assist in the collection of lost telephone revenue. 

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
National Defense University, Information Research Management College, Washington, DC 
Master of Science, Strategic Transformation (MSST) (2011) 
Government Strategic Leader (GSL) Certification (2010)
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Certification (2010)
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) Certification (2008)
Information Systems Security Professional (ISSP) NSTISSI 4011 &amp; CNSSI 4012 (2007)

University of Maryland, University College / CIO University, Adelphi, MD (2004)
Executive Masters of Information Technology (MSIT) Management (4.0 GPA)
Executive and Federal Chief Information Officer (CIO) Certification (4.0 GPA)

Strayer University, Suitland, MD (2002)
BS Information Technology, Computer Networking- Summa cum Laude (3.9 GPA)

Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey, CA
Practical Comptrollership Financial Management Certification (2008)
Navy Corporate Business Course (2007)

Office of the Secretary of the Navy (2007)
Lean Six Sigma Executive Champion Course 

USDA Graduate School, Washington, D.C. (2004)
Contracting Officer's Technical Representative (COTR) Certification 

ADDITIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Novell NetWare Engineering Program Certificate 
Alpha Chi National College Honor Scholarship Society
President, Berry Hill Manor Homeowners Association (2004-2008)
Rendered interview for Hotel Business Technology Magazine for Hospitality Industry Accomplishments (August 2002)
Rendered interview for Government IT Magazine for IT Accomplishments based on satellite technological program development (June 2004) 
Authored wireless telecommunication security white paper for Homeowners Association and provided assistance in securing wireless networks 
Provided voluntary technical services to Charles County Children's Aid Society: secured wireless network communication systems and incorporated security measures for enhanced data privacy and protection 
Authored two white papers: "Why Strategy Is Not Enough" and "What Does Success Look Like?"








2


2








  
    Administrative
  
  
    application development
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Agency
    agency
  
  
    Balance
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Analyst
  
  
    business case
  
  
    business management
  
  
    business process
  
  
    Capability Maturity Model
  
  
    change management
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    concept
  
  
    critical thinking
  
  
    client
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    decision making
  
  
    designing
  
  
    direction
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    Financial Management
  
  
    Government
  
  
    HRIS
  
  
    Human Resource
    Human Resources
  
  
    Information Security
  
  
    Information Systems
    information systems
  
  
    Information Technology
    information technology
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    IT Strategy
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Law Enforcement
    law enforcement
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    access
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    NCIS
  
  
    Navy
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    network hardware
  
  
    network and security
  
  
    network
    Networking
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Property Management
  
  
    real time
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    routing
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Strategist
    Strategy
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    Strategic Management
  
  
    Strategic Planning
    strategic planning
  
  
    strategy and planning
  
  
    Systems Administration
    system administration
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    unique
  
  
    vision
  
  
    WAN
  


