
Susan D. Hair
217 South Catawba Street
Lancaster, South Carolina 29720
Home:  (803)283-2984
Cell: (803)287-6552
sdh@comporium.net

Summary of Qualifications
Practical experience in Microsoft Office Applications, QuickBooks and Photoshop and possess learning agility to new software applications.
Ability to establish priorities and coordinate work activities. 
An in-depth knowledge of administrative duties, clerical procedures and supervising office systems.
Ability to clearly communicate and apply policies and principles to problems and deal with a variety of situations
Professional verbal/written communication skills.
Ability to perform effective judgment in recognizing scope of authority.
Reliability in protecting confidential information.
Former small business owner.
Solid background in work plans and budgets.

Professional Experience

Carolina Community Actions, Inc./AARP (Partnership), Lancaster, SC 		  
Administrative Assistant					February 2010 to September 2011
Temporary position as Administrative Assistant to Case Manager of non-profit corporation whose mission is to promote self-sufficiency and support for low-income individuals and families who wish to become independent of a welfare system.  Responsibilities include:
Assessing and enrolling clients in all eligible programs
Referring clients to other appropriate agencies as needed
Manage incoming phone calls
Assist unemployed clients with r&#233;sum&#233; writing unique to their skill, job searches, and referrals
Present information regarding acceptable practices for employment applications, dress code and demeanor, while emphasizing the importance of attending job fairs and continuing educational programs at colleges and through on-line opportunities.


Resume of Susan D. Hair								         Page 2

VOLUNTEER WORK/COMMUNITY ACTIVITIES			2000 to February 2010
During this intermittent period, much of my time and skills were directed to the care of my terminally ill husband.
Assisted in the development of the Lancaster Women's Resource Group, which empowered women who were unemployed or underemployed, to achieve success in the workforce.
Time and talents were also contributed as a weekly volunteer at my church, Springs Memorial Hospital, Hospice Care of South Carolina, Family Promise of Lancaster, The Angel Tree Ministry with Christian Services, Senior Circle and Healthy Woman.
Enrolled and attended in classes to maintain abilities in MSO, Accounting procedures and other software applications

American Concrete Pavement Association, Southeast Chapter, Columbia, SC 
Executive Administrator					October 1990 - December 1999  	
My role was Assistant to the Executive Vice President of a trades association representing the concrete paving industry in a seven state area in the southeast.  I was sole employee with broad based responsibilities.  Responsibilities included:  
Sole individual to set up office initially and implement all office systems.
Directly accountable for the full scope of daily office operations and reported to Board of Directors.
Coordinated managerial activities including maintenance of all correspondence, office files and databases.
Directly responsible for preparation and tracking of yearly work plan and budget.
Fully in charge of processing all AP/AR and worked closely with outside accountant in preparation of quarterly and year-end income statements.
Established, identified and researched federal and state sources for targeted areas of potential market.  
Developed and maintained database of ongoing market analysis and project tracking in the seven-state region.  
Successfully developed relationships and served as administrative liaison between the Association (both National and Local) with other local, state and federal agencies as well as other associations on a daily basis.
Planned and promoted Board of Directors meetings, annual meetings, workshops, educational seminars and trade show conventions.   This entailed hotel site selection and contract negotiations.
Developed agendas and attendance information.
Recorded and distributed meeting minutes.
Prepared/created spreadsheets and presentations for Board of Directors.
Prepared PowerPoint presentations.
Organized travel arrangements, hotels/cars and travel expenses reports for the Executive Vice President, who was hired three years into our establishment as a chapter of ACPA.
Managed the organization and construction of quarterly newsletter
Established procedures to recruit new member companies, which grew from 34 to 69 companies.  Managed membership, which included recruitment, retention, processing and maintenance of membership files and databases. 
Met high level of quality standards for office services.

In December 1999, the office was relocated to North Carolina and I declined the transfer.



  
    Accounting
  
  
    accountant
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    AP
  
  
    AR
  
  
    budget
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    contract negotiations
  
  
    clients
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managerial
  
  
    market analysis
  
  
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    newsletter
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    profit
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Reception
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    phone
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    unique
  
  
    workshops
  
  
    year-end
  


