
Mindy E. Bailey
847-909-2732                                                                                                   mindbailey123@comcast.net                                                                                                           
 www.linkedin.com/in/mindybailey

CAREER SUMMARY

Marketing and project management professional with extensive experience in creating and managing multiple projects while coordinating sales and marketing needs for a company by meeting deadlines and staying on budget. Dynamic at building and maintaining relationships across an organization.  Excellent at analyzing data to improve processes. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
					
				
RUST-OLEUM CORPORATION, Vernon Hills, IL				March 2010-June 2011
Rust-Oleum Corporation is a worldwide leader in protective paints and coatings for both home and industry.

Marketing Project Manager, Industrial Business Group
Designed, implemented, and managed all marketing projects/programs to support field efforts in generating sales.
Created and enforced project request process to coordinate and manage over 15 projects a month. Improved turnaround time.
Analyzed competitor information in order to improve tactics when designing marketing materials.
Managed distributor catalog page updates to top IBG National Accounts. Includes: copywriting, product merchandising, editing and proofreading. 
Created and designed communication materials to support trade and end-user marketing efforts. Includes concept, design direction and production.
Developed and implemented promotions and programs for key accounts and paint channel groups in collaboration with account manager.
Restructured and managed the content of the IBG Sales Support Center, enhancing the ease of use.

							
WALGREENS, Deerfield, IL							September 2009-March 2010

Marketing Consultant - Contract					
Provided marketing support to the senior marketing manager in the development and implementation of marketing programs and projects.
Coordinated and managed projects through project management software.
Developed and prepared communication necessary to execute marketing programs/projects with retail field and vendors.
Processed invoices and reconciled monthly bill backs with accounting.
Edited copy of brochures and other marketing materials for Walgreen's rebranding project.


Mindy E. Bailey                                                                                             p. 2

ETA/CUISENAIRE, Vernon Hills, IL						March 2007-June 2008
Multi-million dollar manufacturer and distributor of educational materials.

Sales Operations Projects Specialist
Provided all marketing and sales support for a nationwide sales training team by proactively planning projects for key needs that increased sales opportunities.
Successfully managed more than 250 marketing programs and workshops annually with budgets in excess of $500,000.
Organized, analyzed and maintained the data collected from different sources in order to bring about successful completion of specific project goals and objectives. 
Generated approximately $1,000,000 through winning more than 50 monthly proposals for educational workshops.
Saved the company more than $30,000 annually by creating a process and alternatives for more cost-efficient in-house production.
Consulted with the national sales training manager on the development and implementation of training materials for national sales meetings and new sales consultant trainings.
Achieved a 10%+ under-budget on sales meetings and sales consultant trainings.

SILPADA DESIGNS, Lenexa, KS							June 2004-August 2007
10 million dollar distributor of sterling silver jewelry

Independent Sales Representative
Marketed and sold Silpada jewelry through home jewelry show and trunk shows.
Increased jewelry sales 50% in more than three years through successful hostess training and marketing.
Created and wrote monthly newsletters to all previous customers and hostesses. Results: More than 50 new bookings and repeat bookings annually.
Consistently mentored new recruits to promote and expand their jewelry business, which resulted in an increase of 15% in sales.

ETA/CUISENAIRE, Vernon Hills, IL						June 1995-May 2004
Multi-million dollar manufacturer and distributor of educational materials.

Sales Operations Coordinator
Coordinated and supported all internal and external sales operations for an educational company with over 30 million dollars in annual sales.
Analyzed and monitored competitor data and activity.
Selected, planned, and managed more than 300 exhibits yearly.
Saved the company 20% in costs by effectively scheduling and coordinating annual sales meetings and corporate events.
Effectively planned, organized, and executed a 1,600-square-foot booth at the 1996-2000 annual National Council of Teachers of Mathematics convention; which resulted in a 5% increase in exhibit sales each year.
Reduced shipping costs by 20% by establishing and implementing formal policies and procedures for exhibits and workshops.
Kept costs 10% under budget, by developing and implementing a system on Microsoft Access to monitor and record all local, state, regional, and national math and science trade shows.
Optimized company visibility at all trade shows resulting in increased sales over six consecutive years. Result: Increase in trade show budget for the following year.

GENDEX CORPORATION, Franklin Park, IL					 February 1993-May 1995
A division of Dentsply, a multi-million dollar x-ray equipment and manufacturer and distributor.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts - Public Relations, Roosevelt University, Chicago

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Microsoft Office, Project Management Software, Lotus Notes, LX &amp; AS400 order entry systems, SAP, CRM's, QuickBooks



  
    accounting
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    brochures
    Brochure
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    concept
  
  
    consultant
  
  
    content
  
  
    copywriting
  
  
    Council
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    designing
  
  
    direction
  
  
    editing
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    math
  
  
    Mathematics
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    order entry
  
  
    page
  
  
    paint
  
  
    policies
  
  
    print production
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    proofreading
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Sales Support
    sales support
  
  
    sales training
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    workshops
  


