
PAUL W. SIDERS
706 Oakbluff Circle    Charlotte, NC 28216
H: (704) 399-1666  C: (704) 307-7673  paul.siders@att.net

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR
Effectively Integrating Technology with Business

PROFILE
Highly experienced information technology and technical professional with a 25-year record of developing and supporting successful projects and solutions incorporating a wide range of applications and technologies. Consistently recognized and tasked by executive management to improve organizational effectiveness and efficiency, serving in roles that include pre- and post-sales, procurement, budget planning, and risk analysis. Exceptional leadership that aligns business processes and IT infrastructure to realize cost savings, accelerate performance, and sustain strategic flexibility. Technically savvy and a quick study in emerging technology, able to quickly assess and utilize the appropriate response to meet the specific needs of the business requirement at hand. 

A builder of high-performance teams and a natural leader, mentor, and motivator who thrives in environments requiring a high-level strategist and a big-picture thinker. 

Talented, results-driven, and versatile IT leader, with an in-depth knowledge and solid experience working with complex cross-platform systems, software architecture, implementation, integration, and deployment.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Organizational Development * Process Improvement * Process Re-engineering * Project Management
Resource\Asset Management * Budgeting * Forecasting * Team Development * Change Management 
Performance Optimization * Systems and Application Development * Technology Planning
 Internal Controls * Policies and Procedures * IT Leadership * Strategic Planning 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Carolina Tractor and Equipment Company, Charlotte, NC  					 1995 to 2011     
Privately held regional equipment dealership with 15 locations spread throughout three states.

Information Systems Manager 
Managed team of 10 and oversaw budget of over $4M, implementing corporate network infrastructure and all business-related software and telecommunication operations.  Monitored and maintained wireless and cellular devices and technologies, VoIP, barcoding, corporate security and internet access, imaging, VMware, NAS\SAN, email, phone\voicemail systems, virus protection, disaster recovery plan and backup strategy.  Set IT standards, policies, and procedures, developing cost-cutting initiatives and leading project teams.  

Led process to bring SAP and other business software from a hosted solution environment back in-house, saving $700k annually and earning Presidential Award.

Led employee efficiency with paperless reporting, improved process workflow and redesign of vendor invoices, reducing material and labor costs $40K annually.

Oversaw or was technical lead on multiple phone system and network upgrades, including conversion to SIP technology with potential savings of over $100K annually. 

Streamlined support and toner consumption for over 100 network printers, realizing savings of over $10K annually.
PAUL W. SIDERS * Page 2

Carolina Tractor and Equipment Company continued

Assistant IS Manager
Oversaw daily computer operations, corporate network and phone system installations and upgrades. Served as technical lead in complex SAP implementation and core business software upgrade. Improved business processes and financial efficiencies by improving network bandwidth. 

Network Administrator
Designed\built entire corporate network infrastructure, adding over a dozen new locations using MPLS and implementing 4-digit dialing between locations. Centralized call queue for superior customer service and managed rapid business\network growth. Implemented server virtualization using VMware and implemented corporate storage solution using SAN technologies.  

Grew number of facilities from 4 to 18, number of users from 350 to over 900, and number of servers from 5 to over 60.   

Monitored and analyzed network performance to detect problems, identify inefficiency of computer resources, and perform capacity planning, increasing uptime of by more than 99.7%.   


ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

Carrier Computer Services, Inc., Cherryville, NC						 1990 to 1995    
Subsidiary of Carolina Freight Carriers Corporation.

Distributed Systems Supervisor    
Programmer Analyst   

Allied Bendix, Charlotte, NC 									 1988 to 1990 
Supplier of brake systems for heavy vehicles.

Computer Operator/Programmer   


EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Computer Science (Minor in Mathematics)
Lander University   Greenwood, SC

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Bell Leadership Training * Cisco\Domino\Fluke Training Classes
Management Classes * Six-Sigma Green Belt

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Cisco routers, switches and ASA * TCP/IP, QoS, BGP, OSPF, ACLs, TACACS * CiscoWorks 
SAP * Lotus Notes Administration\Development * Client\Server technologies  WhatsUp 
Telecommunications, Frame Relay, ATM, MPLS, SIP  Solarwinds  NAS\SAN  VMWare
Microsoft products, including Windows Server\Terminal Server\SQL * Active Directory, DNS, DHCP 
Novell * Disaster Recovery\Backups  Helpdesk Management  Citrix  Application Extender
Wireless\cellular Technologies  Warehouse Management\Barcoding Technologies * Internet Technologies
VPN  Bluecoat web filter  WCCP  Avaya Phone Systems * Extreme Switches  iSeries\AS400 
Business Warehouse * Six Sigma Methodologies  Cabling Technologies (coax, twinax, fiber, CAT 5 \ CAT 6)



  
    Active Directory
  
  
    Premier
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    ATM
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    backup
  
  
    BGP
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    Cabling
  
  
    capacity planning
  
  
    CAT 5
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Cisco routers
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    computer operations
  
  
    consultation
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    Client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    DHCP
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
    disaster recovery
  
  
    DNS
  
  
    email
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Frame Relay
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    internet access
  
  
    Internet Technologies
  
  
    Leadership Training
  
  
    Domino
  
  
    Lotus Notes Administration
  
  
    Microsoft products
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    NAS
  
  
    network printers
  
  
    network
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    OSPF
  
  
    phone system
    Phone Systems
  
  
    policies
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Six Sigma
    Six-Sigma
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Switches
    switches
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    telecommunication
    Telecommunications
  
  
    phone
  
  
    Terminal Server
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrade
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    workflow
  


