
                                                                                                                    Dinesh Kannan S
E-Mail: dineshkannan2000@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-8861437636



                                                                                                                            
SUMMARY	

Total 3 years IT experience in mobile Game development using iOS. 
Experience in mobile game development using COCOS2D, Box2D &amp; OpenGL ES.
Experience using Torque Engine for PC Game development.
Effective in interacting with customers to understand the requirements.
Good in Object Oriented Concepts and Programming.
Good understanding of all phases of Software Development Life Cycle.
Highly motivated team player with strong communication, analytical and organizational skill.
Involved in Team Management, designing, development, testing and requirement analysis of various projects.

QUALIFICATION	

B.Tech in Information Technology (2004-2008) from Raja College of Engineering and Technology (Anna University) 


SKILL SET	

Programming Languages 	Objective C/C++, Cocoa, C#	

Engine/Framework	Cocos2D, Box2D, Unity3D, Torque	



CAREER EXPERIENCE		

October 2010 - March 2011
Designation: Senior Game Developer at Tritone Tech LLC, Bangalore.

March 2009 - September 2010
Designation: Game Developer at AJSquare Inc, Madurai.
 	


Projects executed in the period of involvement:

Project: DefendTheN			

Team size	: 2
Platform         : iOS

Description	: It's an interactive game designed to educate and inform the agricultural community of the benefits of controlling nitrogen to maximize yield potential in row crops and reduce the environmental impact. And this app grabbed a place of New and Noteworthy Section in iTunes App Store.

Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer actively participated in the following areas

Involved in client communication, design and implementation of the project.
Making code as per the design document.
Participated in Test case preparation.

Project: Dark City Rider			

Team size	: 3
Platform         : iOS

Description	: The Dark City Rider is an adventurous highly addictive zombie game, available on iPhone and iPad. The Dark City Rider is built using advanced gaming technologies, OpenGL, Cocos2D, Box2D etc. The game has several algorithms, perfectly built using artificial intelligence. A various zombies are perfectly programmed. There are 8 different cities; the game complexity increases as game progresses from city to city.

Roles and Responsibilities: As a Technical Team Lead actively participated in the following areas

Involved from the story board creation, character creation etc.
Involved in Game Architecture design.
Making code as per the technical design document.
Implemented the AI Algorithms for different kind of zombies, humans
Participated in test case document preparation.
Involved in the enhancement of the game.



Project: Crazy Shoot			

Team size	:  2
Platform	:  iOS

Description	: A challenging and creative game. Crazy shoot entertains as you simply aim &amp; shoot with sling at hearts &amp; score more. Power your crazy shoot experience with fireballs &amp; gift hearts. Power packed Easy, Hard and Multiplayer modes available on this game.

Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer actively participated in the following areas

Involved in project requirement analysis and UI design
Making code for single and multi player modes
Participation on test case document creation
Created sling physics with exact directional techniques
Integration of game center and other social Networks



Project: Bell - App			

Team size	:  1
Platform	:  iOS

Description	: The Bell-App is available for both iPhone and iPad. Carefully designed   to trigger the mindfulness all the time as long as you play the sound and keeps you always in meditative state. It's having different type of bells and it rings according to your touch. Simulated the bells using Cocos2d and Box2d. It makes you feels like the real bells. Accelerometer functionality added more power to the bells.

Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer actively participated in the following areas

Involved in the requirement analysis and UI design.
Created high level design document.
Participated in the test case document preparation
Making code for different type of bells
Created physics for different type of bells
Implementation of accelerometer for all bells
Added auto mode functionality for all bell types 




Project: Musical Waterfalls			

Team size	:  3
Platform	:  iOS

Description	: An OpenGL-ES based waterfall simulation app. The app has day and night modes of waterfalls, various colored waterfalls, and nature animations. The OpenGL-ES rendering of the animation frames are fast and robust. 

Features:
Rendering the water fall animations at 60 fps
Mist mode simulation using our unique physics engine
Complete OpenGL rendering for waterfalls, nature animations etc
Day and night mode.
Different kind of environmental music's


Project: Relic Hunt			

Team size	:  5
Platform	:  PC, Mac, iOS and Intel ATOM Processor Devices

Description	:  It's an hidden object type game. Created this game with Torque Game Builder. And then ported for iOS and Intel ATOM Processor supported devices. It's an adventures game. This game contains hidden object levels, puzzles and activities. For development we used Torque Game Builder, Objective C and SDL Libraries. This game comes under casual games category. And this game is available on Big Fish Games, iWin, Game House, Youda games and Boonty games. And this game contains English, Japanese, German and French versions.

Roles and Responsibilities: As a senior game developer actively participated in the following areas

Involved in the storyboard creation and UI design Section.
Making framework for hidden object levels, Hint system and Handling memory
Participation of Test case design document
Localization of the game
Port the game to iOS platform and Intel ATOM platform
Involved in the enhancement of the game.


Project: The Dragon Dance			

Team size	:  5
Platform	:  PC, Mac, iOS and Intel ATOM Processor Devices

Description	:  It's a casual game. Created this game with Torque Game Builder. And then ported for iOS and Intel ATOM Processor supported devices. It's an adventures game. This game contains hidden object levels, puzzles and activities. This game comes under casual games category. And this game is available on Big Fish Games, iWin, Game House, Youda games and Boonty games. And this game contains English, Japanese, German and French versions.

Roles and Responsibilities: As a senior game developer actively participated in the following areas

Involved in the storyboard creation and UI design Section.
Making framework for hidden object levels, Hint system and Handling memory
Participation of Test case design document
Localization of the game
Port the game to iOS platform and Intel ATOM platform
Involved in the enhancement of the game.

PERSONAL DETAILS	

Father's Name		: R SEETHA RAMAN

Permanent Address 	: 9-6-28, Athiyaman 2nd Street,
			  Viswanathapuram,
			  Madurai 625 014.

Date of Birth		: 24-03-1987

E-Mail			: dineshsdaylord@yahoo.com
E-Mail			: dineshkannan2000@gmail.com

Mobile			: +91-8861437636

Passport Number	: HO768980


										
								(S DINESH KANNAN)














	
	



  
    3D
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Programming
  


