
Maritza C. Gomez
8346 Glenloch Drive  Houston, TX 77061        832-264-5734         maritzacgomez@yahoo.com

Summary of Qualifications:
Enthusiastic, Hardworking and team oriented professional who posses leadership skills and excellent customer service. Ability to work efficiently in fast-paced and high pressure environment, and possess excellent telephone etiquette. Emphasis on building exemplary team relationships in all professional settings. 

Education:
Fortis College, Houston TX			                                   2010-2011
Certified Medical Office Administrator

Houston Community College, Houston, TX                                            2007
Medical Billing and Coding 

Skills:
Bilingual- Spanish
Computerized data entry using various software applications. (Microsoft Office, Medisoft,
Excel, PowerPoint and Windows)                                     Claims 
ICD-9 and CPT Coding					Medical Terminology
Airborne/Bloodborne Pathogens (Certified)		Law &amp; Ethics
Medical Office Procedures				Computerized Accounting
Desktop Publishing					Human Resources Management
Communication						Transcription/Wordprocessing

Work Experience:
Josephine Italian Restaurant, Houston, TX		                           August, 1988-July, 2010
Kitchen Manager
Managed and coordinated activities of food preparation, kitchen, and storeroom personnel and purchases or requisitions foodstuffs and kitchen supplies: Planned or participated in planning menus, preparing and apportioning foods, and utilizing food surpluses and leftovers.  Managed non-cooking personnel, such as Kitchen Helper, to ensure cleanliness of kitchen and equipment. Managed Cook and tastes, smells, and observes food to ensure conformance with recipes and appearance standards. Supervised workers engaged in inventory,  and distribution of foodstuffs and supplies. Hired and discharged employees. Trained new workers.  Met with professional staff, customers, or client group to resolve menu inconsistencies or to plan menus for special occasions.  Improved teamwork and communications skills among the kitchen staff and improved teamwork skills.

Professional References Available Upon Request



  
    Computerized Accounting
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    communications skills
  
  
    cooking
  
  
    CPT Coding
  
  
    client
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    Desktop Publishing
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Human Resources Management
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Law
  
  
    Medical Billing
  
  
    Medical Terminology
  
  
    Medisoft
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Coding
  
  
    Bilingual- Spanish
  
  
    teamwork
  
  
    Transcription
  
  
    Wordprocessing
  


