
John F. Wolf
650 Delancey St #203
San Francisco, CA  94107
jwolf80@gmail.com   
(810) 278-1040


Experience Summary


Senior Project Manager/SharePoint Consultant for Littler Mendelson (San Francisco).  Identify and implement IT and Project Management processes to manage end-user requests and development tasks.  Perform Gap Analysis on current implementation of SharePoint and identify corrections to the system.

Senior Project Manager for FFCN project that is to deliver a collaborative fusion center web presence throughout the state of Florida.  Managed direct staff as well as Florida Fusion Center staff.  This project revolved around the implementation of the SharePoint 2010 product.  Performed all project management, business analysis, as well as architecture and design for SharePoint 2010 roll out.  Provided guidance and training to both technical and business users regarding the SharePoint 2010 product.

Project Manager for Information Sharing and Analysis Tools (ISAT) initiative that is to deliver Intelligence Led Policing (ILP) as well as Fusion Center capabilities for the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.  This initiative involved the management of multiple projects, primarily focusing on SharePoint 2007 implementation and training, data federation, and business process identification and definition.  Performed project management tasks, as well as  SharePoint 2007 configuration, implementation, and training tasks.  Performed business analysis role, identifying business processes and working with business users identifying their needs and disseminating information regarding the SharePoint product.

Project Manager for statewide deployment of an Advanced Traffic Management System for the State of Michigan.  Project involved the identification of third party vendors to provide a COTS solution for the state.  Worked with the state in defining and developing the RFP as well as identification of network provider for the statewide effort.  Worked with state of Michigan staff in identifying and defining the existing network and hardware resources throughout the state.

Program Manager and Quality Assurance Manager for InStream Financial.  Created Project Management Office (PMO) that managed all projects within InStream.  Used MS Project Server 2003 to collaborate and manage all projects.  Processes and procedures were developed based on PMBOK.  Provided training and guidance for all PM's within InStream.

Designed, Installed, and Administered SharePoint 2003 for InStream Financial.  Identified business user requirements and capacity needs for SharePoint installation.  Provided training and guidance for all business users on the SharePoint 2003 platform.  Configured platform based on business users requirements.

Senior Project Manager in charge of Ford Retailers (incl. Volvo, Lincoln, Mercury, Jaguar, Land Rover) World Wide Web inventory display.    Managed team of developers, analysts, and QA to deliver inventory and data related projects on time and on budget.  Designed current Ford Retailers inventory pages.

Have implemented three different SDLC methodologies into three separate organizations (Waterfall at World Computer, Spiral at Spring Management, and Prototype at eFinNet).  Currently working in an Extreme/Agile development environment.

Senior Project Manager/Analyst in the development and release of major new software releases or maintenance releases  (EDS PC Online, Spring Management EMR, eFinNet Early Pay System, Ford Retailers World Wide inventory display as well as Ford Global Marketing data feeds, twice a year maintenance releases to over 300 credit unions using the World Computer System).

Over 13 years of experience with: MS Office package, MS Project (Professional and recently, Server), MS SQL, Sybase, T-SQL (stored procedure development), and MS Windows operating systems.  I have over 5 years of experience in a Linux/Apache environment.  Installed and maintained Microsoft Networks for the office (EDS, Spring Management, and eFinNet).  I have over 7 years of experience working with html, XML, XSL, and aspx (as well as VB script and Java script).  I have 4 years of experience in the installation, maintenance, and development of SharePoint web sites.


Professional Experience


Meridian Technologies - Florida Dept. of Law Enforcement  January 2011 to December 2011

Senior Project Manager

Business:  Law Enforcement/Fusion Centers
Project Type:  SharePoint 2010 Implementation
Architecture Utilized:  SharePoint/Web
SDLC:  Waterfall

Performing all project management tasks for Florida Fusion Center Network Implementation project.  This project will provide a Fusion Center Collaboration web portal for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) Fusion Center bureau using the Microsoft SharePoint 2010 product.
Reported directly to the CIO, Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the  Director of Florida Fusion Center
Developed project management documents, including:  Project Charter, Project Schedule, Project Risk Management Assessment, Project Change Request Process, Project Communications Plan, Project Status reports.
Estimated project using PERT estimation method.
Performed business analysis functions to determine project requirements and provide for business process documentation.  Created Functional and Non-Functional requirements documentation.  Provided use case scenarios (UML) and Use Process (storyboarding) diagrams in functional requirements document.
Provided architecture and design for the FFCN SharePoint 2010 environment.  Included identifying all servers and their configuration, all software and licensing requirements, and authentication/security needs and requirements.
Provided all regions with background on the full capabilities of the SharePoint 2010 product, describing how the product could be leveraged for their particular needs. 
Provided for all initial configurations of the SharePoint environment including configuration of the search service and identification and configuration of sites/servers to be crawled.
Developed forms in InfoPath for the gathering of information revolving around suspicious activities.
Developed workflows in SharePoint Designer for various business processes used by fusion center regions.  
Developed web parts that displayed external data.  Created External Content Types and used Business Connectivity Services to create web parts.
Worked with the various regions in the state of Florida to establish technical and executive governance boards for the continued guidance of the FFCN.
Worked with the various regions in the state of Florida to identify their maturity level with the SharePoint 2010 product and identify additional training as it relates to that product.
Created Acceptance Test Plans
Identified and architected system such that future integration with GFIPM federal standards could be done with minimal work to the FFCN environment
Worked with Microsoft to set up "primer" training sessions for the state of Florida Information Resources Management group.  

Analysts International - Las Vegas Metro Police Dept		July 2008 to August 2010

Project Manager

Business:  Law Enforcement/Fusion Centers
Project Type:  System Integration/SharePoint Implementation
Architecture Utilized: Web/Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
SDLC:  Agile

Performing all initial project management tasks for Analysts International LVMPD ISAT effort.  The ISAT system is meant to provide Intelligence Led Policing as well as Fusion Center capabilities.
ISAT prime project included leading AIC personnel as well as RiverGlass and Microsoft personnel.  
Performed on-site requirements gathering sessions with the client.  Created business requirements documents as well as use case scenarios (UML).
Analyzed data requirements gathered from client and designed standard XML data packets (NIEM LEXS standards).
Developed BDC web parts for ISAT SharePoint Portal.
Developed other web parts as needed for ISAT SharePoint Portal.
Followed Microsoft Solutions Framework (MSF) Agile 4.2 methodology for project
Used Microsoft Team Foundation Server to store client requirements (personas and scenarios)
Created Statements of Work for each phase of development work performed for LVMPD
Prime project manager for working with partners.  Included managed partners project managers and staff, invoicing client, holding weekly status meetings, and managing and adjusting clients contracts and work orders.
Provided management with project financial reports (project expenses, revenue)
Performed business analysis tasks and created business requirements documents.
Created Budgetary Estimates, Status Reports, Meeting Planning, and Meeting Agenda documents.
Led a project team that included client, Analysts International staff, Microsoft personnel, as well as other delivery partners for the ISAT product.
Developed project schedule using MS Project 2007.
Performed risk assessment for project. Created project risk document.
Developed project communications document.
Organized and led project kickoff meetings.  This included identification of kickoff attendees, development of meeting agenda documentation, and all meeting administrative items.
Created business requirements document
Wrote Usage Scenarios based on business requirements gathered
Managed development of SharePoint Team site for consolidation of all team documentation and communications.


Analysts International - State of Wyoming				April 2008 to June 2008

Business Analyst

Business:  Law Enforcement
Project Type:  Computerized Criminal History System Re-write
Architecture Utilized: Web/Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
SDLC:  Waterfall

Developed business requirements for the Division of Criminal Investigation for the state of Wyoming.  This included leading business requirement gathering sessions, development of business process flow diagrams, identification and documentation of business requirements, as well as development of logical data model.
Worked with a virtual team in reviewing and delivering requirements documents to client
Assisted project manager when needed (reviews of project plans, risk documents)

Analysts International - State of Michigan			   August 2007 to April 2008

Project Manager

Business:  Intelligent Transportation Systems/Advanced Traffic Management Systems
Project Type:  COTS Procurement/Implementation

Performing all project management tasks for the State of Michigan's deployment of an off the shelf ATMS.  This system will allow the management of all of the Michigan Department of Transportation's (MDOT) Intelligent Traffic System (ITS) devices (such as Cameras, Dynamic Message Signs, Roadside Sensors, etc).  These tasks include performing Risk Assessment, development of Change Request process, creation of project status reports, and creation and maintenance of project plan. 
Worked with state's Telecom group as well as various contractors at the development of a high bandwidth statewide data network.  This network will allow connectivity between the ATMS software deployed at the various Traffic Management Centers across the state.  Network uses both fiber optic and wireless point to point technologies.  Had to develop working relationship between state and private contractor groups.  This network development is a part of the overall ATMS implementation project.
Worked with state's Department of Management and Budget on the review and deployment of the Request for Purchase (RFP) document for the ATMS software package.  
Project estimated budget of $8 Million.
Developed Inventory list of all ITS devices currently managed by MDOT.


InStream Financial Services						August 2004 to August 2007

Manager Quality Assurance/Program Manager

Business:  Commercial Finance/Factoring
Project Type:  Web Development/eCommerce (Financial Services)/SharePoint Implementation
Architecture Utilized: Web/Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
SDLC:  Agile

Created product assurance department to oversee all Project Management and Quality Assurance tasks within the organization.  Staff size of three project managers and one process analyst.
Developed test strategy and all regression test plans, created test data to more accurately verify capabilities of system.  
Developed corporate SharePoint web site for all departments in the organization.  Installed, designed, and performed maintenance for these sites.
Oversaw or directly managed over 20 projects of varying types and size.  Types included Integration with large financial institutions (US Bank and Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi), new customer integration projects, as well as internal IT development and operational projects.  
Managed bank trustee integration project (trustee bank verified cash outflows and supplier credit worthiness).  Project involved over 20 resources (both internal and client) and resources were located in 3 separate locations.  Project involved IT tasks, accounting, and financial management tasks.
Installed and maintained MS Project Server 2003 product as well as MS Project 2003.  Trained staff in the use of both products. 
Modified MS Project Server database as needed based upon the needs of the organization.  Created Web Parts for Corporate Web Site that displayed data from MS Project Server database.
Provided mentoring and training in the use of PMI concepts and standards (derived from PMBOK) to all project managers within organization. 
Created and maintained processes for the identification, documentation, and internal auditing of all corporate processes and procedures, as well as development and maintenance of all software quality assurance tasks. 
Managed the identification and documentation of all corporate processes.  Oversaw the creation and implementation of the auditing process.  
Managed the development of test Procedures and developed test plans.  This included development of processes and procedures used to test product, reporting and metrics development, and all test plan development.  
Managed the development of initial system and user documentation and data dictionary.  Worked closely with development staff in recording and review of system documentation.  


ChannelNet Corporation - Ford Motor Company		    April 2003 to August 2004

Senior Project Manager for Inventory Solutions and Datafeeds

Business:  Automotive Marketing
Project Type:  Web Development/eCommerce (automotive marketing)
Architecture Utilized: Web
SDLC:  Waterfall

Managed all projects regarding inventory presentation for all dealerships maintained within the DealerConnection platform for Ford Motor Company, including Ford, Lincoln, Mercury, Volvo, and Jaguar.  This included determining project scope, estimating, presenting, and managing to completion of all projects related to this topic.  
Developed concept of and managed new inventory system development project (for all Ford dealerships world wide).  Project included front end web site design and back end database architecture.  Project included over 20 staff members (internal and contract) and clients.  Project cost estimated at over $1 million.  Performed all project management and senior web design tasks.  Managed and mentored technical staff in database design and architecture.
Managed all datafeed projects related to the import and export of dealer data to various third parties (Yahoo, MapQuest, etc).  This included incoming and outgoing feeds that dealt with dealer locator information, dealer specific certifications, inventory enrollments, et. al.  This again included not only standard project management tasks, but also any data audit task or special data request task requested by the client.
Created and delivered presentations on project management topics.  Included in this were presentations on risk management, and the development of a new inventory platform.  Also consulted with management on the project management certification process.

eFinNet Corporation							September 2000 to April 2003

Quality Assurance Manager/Business Analyst

Business:  Commercial Finance/Factoring
Project Type:  Web Development/eCommerce (Financial Services)
Architecture Utilized: Web
SDLC:  Spiral/Prototype

Project manager for all systems development within organization.  This includes development and maintenance of project plans, project estimates, project prioritization and re-prioritization, and all processes required to successfully deliver projects successfully.  Managed technical, marketing, and client teams. 
Performed business analysis tasks for all projects.  This included web site design, determination of appropriate financial, general ledger transactions, and custom report design.  Worked extensively with end users to gather this information.
Project manager for the integration of new clients onto eFinNet platform.  Included training, analysis of client location and procedures, as well as day to day project management tasks.
Project manager for the identification and implementation of formal SDLC into development environment.  SDLC implemented was prototype.
Created use case scenarios (UML).
Developed and executed system and user acceptance test plans.  This included development of processes and procedures used to test product, reporting and metrics development, and all test plan development.  
Developed report writer software using Access 2000 as report writer with ODBC connection to Sybase System 11.  This included performing all analysis, development, and testing tasks necessary to complete project.  Sybase was later replaced with SQL Server 2000.
Developed customer documentation for eFinNet web site.  Documentation included introduction to eFinNet system and site navigation.  Also included eFinNet web site glossary, which in part was derived from data dictionary and system documentation.
Installed and administered Windows2000 and Exchange2000 platforms.  Also installed and administered SQL Server 2000 platform.

Maxim Group - Business Solution Services			July 2000 to September 2000

Project Manager

Business:  Automotive
Project Type:  Business Procurement

Developed proposals/statements of work for General Motors Corporation projects.  Proposals/statements of work contained project time and cost estimates, project scope, and project assumptions.

Spring Management Systems						November 1997 to June 2000

Manager of Technical Development

Business:  Healthcare
Project Type:  Web Development/Software Development
Architecture Utilized: Web/Client-Server
SDLC:  Spiral/Prototype

Worked with company president in determining strategic corporate direction. Changed strategic corporation from contracting focused to software application focused. Determined strategic product direction from a technical perspective.
Led staff of 2 Project Managers and 6 developers.  Total departmental budget of over $500,000 a year. 
 All project management tasks were performed following PMI methodologies and concepts. Project management tasks included project scope determination and management, project risk determination, project resource definition and acquisition, and project timeline definition.
Developed and managed project office for project managers.  This included managing and mentoring project managers with project budgets, project timelines, as well as other project tasks (change request management, risk assessment, etc.).
Determined software and hardware technical architectural direction for an intranet electronic medical record (EMR) system, as well as a flow charting tool to assist physicians in determining proper treatment procedures.  The systems were architected to work either standalone, or in conjunction with one another.  
Identified and implemented formal SDLC into organization.  SDLC used was spiral. 
Mentored development staff in design and implementation of data structures. Used both SQL 6.5/7.0 and Access 97/2000 for products developed.
Performed standard managerial duties including recruiting and hiring new staff, executing performance reviews, staff training, as well as job reprimand and release tasks.

EDS - Credit Union Services						    May 1994 to October 1997

Project Manager

Business:  Credit Unions
Project Type:  Software Develoment/Software Implementation
Architecture Utilized: Client-Server
SDLC:  Waterfall

Served as Project Manager and System Architect for PC Online, a PC/Client based teller platform for Credit Unions.  PC Online accesses an SQL Server 6.5 database on an NT 4.0 Server.
Led project of 3 analysts, 6 systems engineers, 3 customer support analysts, 2 technical support analysts, 1 marketing representative, 2 trainers, and 3 end users.  Total project budget of over $750,000 a year.  After 5 months, a total of 9 bugs were found at the initial beta site, only 2 at the second beta site.
Developed time lines for project using CA - Superproject as project timeline tool
Performed Senior Business Analyst tasks in developing a frame work for PC Online screens.  Headed design of all Graphical User Interface (GUI) screens used within PC Online.  Worked in conjunction with internal EDS staff and clients from Credit Unions.
Developed Data Dictionary for existing legacy system
Used Access Database to store and cross reference information for ease of developing appropriate design documents (data dictionary, window design, TCP/IP packet definition, integration test plan, system test plan)
Developed and managed execution of system and user acceptance test for PC Online project.
Developed integration testing procedures and consulted on system testing procedures
Wrote over 10,000 test cases for PC Online windows testing. These test cases were written into Access database.
Developed and kept test case statistics
After 5 months, a total of 9 bugs were found at the initial beta site, only 2 at the second beta site.

Sirco Associates - Detroit Edison					November 1993 to April 1994

Quality Assurance Lead

Business: Utilities
Project Type:  Software Develoment/Software Implementation
Architecture Utilized: Client-Server
SDLC:  Waterfall

Project Leader for functional system test phase of Work Management System project for Detroit Edison. The system was a client server system with a PC Client and Hewlett Packard Data Server running Oracle
Lead mixed team of 6 end users and testing professionals in both a functional integration test and then a system test effort
Developed a change request system using C scripts interfacing with the Oracle Database product
Developed testing procedures for integration test 
Wrote 4,000 test case integration test plan
Developed and kept functional test statistics

World Computer Corporation					February 1986 to October 1993

Senior Quality Assurance Analyst

Business: Credit Unions
Project Type:  Software Develoment/Software Implementation
Architecture Utilized: Client-Server
SDLC:  Waterfall

Senior Quality Assurance Analyst on World Works project, a Credit Union Teller Transaction system based on a Sun 4000 Client and Server running Sybase on the server.
Developed and maintained testing statistics
Developed and executed integration and system test cases
Worked with development staff in the determination and execution of development procedures to better quality of product. Over three releases, total bugs returned from field were reduced 67%.


EDUCATION

Eastern Michigan University, Ypsilanti, Michigan
Bachelors of Business Administration, Major: Management - December 1985

New Horizons Training Service, Livonia, Michigan 
Microsoft Certified Training for SQL Server 6.5 Administration - October 1996

Project Management College - PM Solutions, Baltimore, Maryland					
Project Estimating - August 2000

ORGANIZATIONS

Project Management Institute, Upper Darby, Pennsylvania 
March 1995 to Present



  
    accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Agile
    Agile 4.2
  
  
    Analyst
    analyst
  
  
    AP
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    Automotive
    automotive
  
  
    budgets
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    Business Analyst
    business analysis
  
  
    business process
    business processes
  
  
    C
  
  
    CA - Superproject
  
  
    Client and Server
    client server
    Client-Server
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    concept
  
  
    Content
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    Data Dictionary
    data dictionary
  
  
    data dictionary and system
  
  
    database
  
  
    database design
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    eCommerce
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    financial management
  
  
    forms
  
  
    frame
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    general ledger
  
  
    GUI
    Graphical User Interface
  
  
    Hewlett Packard
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Law Enforcement
  
  
    Law
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managerial
    managing
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    Meeting Planning
    meetings
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Access Database
    Access database
  
  
    Access 2000
  
  
    Access 97
  
  
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    SQL 6.5/7.0
  
  
    SQL Server 6.5
  
  
    windows
    window
  
  
    2000
    Windows2000
  
  
    Works
  
  
    navigation
  
  
    network and hardware
  
  
    Network Implementation
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    ODBC
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle Database
  
  
    performance reviews
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Cameras
  
  
    plan development
  
  
    Police
  
  
    presenting
    presentations
  
  
    Prime
    prime
  
  
    Processes
    processes
  
  
    Procurement
  
  
    Project Leader
    Project Management
    Project management
    project management
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    Proposals
    proposals
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
    QA
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    recording
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    report writer
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    requirements gathering
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    Risk Assessment
    risk assessment
  
  
    Risk Management
    risk management
  
  
    San
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    servers
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Software Development
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    staff training
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    storyboarding
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    system administrator
  
  
    System Architect
  
  
    system documentation
  
  
    systems development
  
  
    System Integration
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    user documentation
  
  
    Telecom
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    Type
  
  
    UML
  
  
    Utilities
  
  
    web portal
  
  
    web site
    Web Development
    web site design
    web design
    Web Site
  
  
    NT 4.0 Server
  
  
    written
  
  
    World Wide Web
  
  
    XML
  


