
DANIEL CAPPELLANO
2572 Elden Ave Unit A 
Costa Mesa, California 92627 
(949) 764-9289
E-mail dcappi@sbcglobal.net
OBJECTIVE:     Seeking responsible and challenging position within a professional work environment     

OVERVIEW OF QUALIFICATIONS
Dynamic professional with successful background in Claims Examination, Quality 
Assurance, Accounts Payable Coordinator, Billing and Collections  in medical and hospital environments
Experienced with medical billing, including ICD-9 and CPT codes; possess proven Expertise in collection methods such as skip tracing, property checks and credit reports
Solid understanding of insurance policies and procedures, COBRA rules and 
JCAHO requirements; excellent command of medical terminology
Exceptional interpersonal relations skills; compassionate and caring with demonstrated ability to ease patient concerns and work out mutually beneficial payment arrangements
Outstanding communicator and interpreter; bilingual, fluent English/Spanish and some Italian; written and spoken; ethical, honest and loyal; maintain confidentiality at all times
Professional, energetic, thorough and well organized; willing to work hard; company Focused with dedication to accomplishment of organizational goals and objectives

EMPLOYMENT BACKGROUND
Biller/Collector	3/04 - 09/04
ASAP Staffing, Long Beach, CA
Assignment: Catholic Healthcare West - Central Business Office, Glendale, CA Collection Rep - Responsibilities include reviewing unpaid claims/patient accounts, correspondence and telephone calls, and determine patient status and insurance coverage.
Review accounts for potential write-offs, prepared schedule of delinquent accounts to be written-off. Maintained MediCal bad debt files and performed reconciliation of accounts to outside agencies. Third-party billing, knowledge of medical terminology, ICD9 Codes, CPT,
UB92 billing, Medicare, HMO, PPO, POS and MediCal Insurance. Work with IPA groups to secure claim payments, Knowledge of Hospital Contracts, understanding of eligibility, benefits and rates. Familiar with MedSeries AS400. The assignment ended on 5/04. Took another assignment working for Fountain Valley Regional Medical Center. Responsibilities as written above for Collection Representative.



Collector	6/03 - 3/04
Countrywide Home Loans, Simi Valley CA
Collection on 90 day plus loans, Foreclosure of loans, Aspect System, Phone calls for
Payment, Customer Service, Cash Collection, reinstatement of Loan, Arrange payment Plan, refer account to Workout Department.

Collector	11/02 - 5/03
Guaranty Collection Company, Calabasas, CA
Responsible for collections from uninsured motorists who have been in automobile accidents.
Senior Collector / Medical Biller	3/00 - 11/02
West Hills Hospital and Medical Center, West Hills, CA
Collections responsible for following up on past-due claims. Reviewed all claims for accuracy in coding and charges. Interacted with insurance company personnel to resolve complex collection matters; negotiated settlements. Sent corrected billings to patients and insurance companies. Received calls from patients regarding bills in dispute; investigated and resolved such claims with goal of preserving excellent customer service.
Lead Financial Counselor 2/97 - 10/99 Northridge Hospital Medical/Trauma Center, Northridge, CA
Interviewed and counseled emergency room and trauma patients to determine financial responsibility. Verified coverage's with insurance companies and obtained authorizations for care from primary physicians and IPAs. Collected payments and co-payments on discharge. Interacted with patients and family members in all financial matters including provision of proper forms for Hill-Burton and MediCal funding. Cross-trained as both ER and Admitting Representative for Emergency Room and Financial Counseling Departments. Translated for Spanish speaking patients. Reviewed insurance documentation to ensure optimum quality.
Financial Counselor 11/87 - 2/97
Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center, Tarzana, CA
Responsible for obtaining information for hospital admissions. Upon discharge, reviewed patient accounts and collected outstanding funds. Promoted to Bilingual Unit Secretary, L&amp;D, 5/93. Translated Spanish to English for medical personnel.  Interviewed and counseled inpatients and outpatients regarding payment arrangements. Pre-screened patients prior to setting appointments with Medi-Cal caseworker. Communicated with social workers and case managers regarding patient financial information and coverage for transfer to extended care facilities.
ADDITIONAL EMPLOYMENT
Trainee Financial Advisor, Paine Webber, Woodland Hills, CA, 11/99-2/00
Collector / Supervisor of Hospital Accounts, Equity Collection Service,  Westlake Village, CA, 4/88-11/92
A/P Coordinator, Van Nuys Community Hospital, Van Nuys, CA, 10/87-4/88
Collector/Biller, Society of New York Hospital, New York, NY, 8/83-10/87
Financial Counselor, Lutheran Medical Center, Brooklyn, NY, 6/81-8/83



EDUCATION
Los Angeles Pierce College, Woodland Hills, CA
Major: Business Management /Accounting /Part-time studies from 8/93 -12/96
Kingsborough Community College, Brooklyn, NY
Major: Business Management 1 Accounting /Part-time studies from 11/80 - 6/81
COMPUTERS
E-Mail, WordPerfect, Excel and AS/400
IBM PC with custom hospital billing software
Blue Cross Medicare Verifier Program and MediCal POS
CERTIFICATION 
Mad Dogg Spinning Athletics; Certification No.:JGS-180770 INTERESTS 
Physical Fitness: Aerobics, Spinning and Swimming















References Provided Upon Request






  
    AS/400
    AS400
  
  
    agency
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    Billing
    billing
  
  
    billings
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    Contracts
  
  
    Counseling
  
  
    CPT
  
  
    excellent customer service
    Customer Service
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    E-Mail
  
  
    English
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    funds
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    managing
  
  
    medical terminology
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    IBM PC
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    POS
  
  
    coding
  
  
    quality
  
  
    settlements
  
  
    Spanish
    Spanish speaking
  
  
    telephone
    Phone
  
  
    WordPerfect
  
  
    written
  


