
19A Westbourne Terrace, Brookline, MA 02446
Phone 617-866-3939 * E-mail planetlily2001@hotmail.com
Lily Hong
Summary of qualifications

Intellectually curious, challenge- driven and a self-starter.
Active learning on a daily basis in multi-faceted fields: economics, healthcare, markets trends.  
Reliable, cooperative with a positive attitude to help people.
Quick learner and able to multi-task very well.
Experience in both large corps and in small non-profit orgs.
Work experience
2006-07        AmeriCorps                                                     Boston, MA
Jumpstart Corps member/family involvement coordinator
Work one-to-one with a child, and provide support to the child's classroom teacher and classmates.
Plan family involvement activities and strategies.


2005-07        First Marblehead Education                     Medford, MA
Scanning Processor, E-mail team representative
Obtain TIL disclosures for disbursed loan files and prepare files for imaging process.
Batch and ship disbursed files to appropriate server.
Fulfill document requests for closed loan files using Papervision software.
Prepare, process and send overnight checks to customers.


2009            Pleasant Dental Assoc.                              Brookline, MA
Office Manager
All customer service: schedule and confirm appointments, order supplies, send bills, etc.
Assistant to the doctor and patients: treatment plans, pricing. 
Insurance billing and coding
Set production goals on SoftDent, and marketing strategies. 

2010            Bank of America                                           Boston, MA
Tax Season Assistant
Gather worksheets, TMMS reports, asset statements, etc. for mailing to outside CPA
Maintain and track various logs/controls as requested by TL.
Mail 1099s and Schedule K-1s.
Education
2010-2012         University of Massachusetts Boston           Boston, MA
 BA in Economics
2009-2010          New York Film Academy                      New York, NY
Acting
2007-2009          Fisher College                                            Boston, MA
Business Administration

2002-2006          Brookline High School                           Brookline, MA
Community activities
U.S. Census Bureau Enumerator: Interviewing local residents in Brookline following stringent guidelines and confidentiality laws
AmeriCorps Service:  Training and service to low-income communities.
S.H.O.P:  Community-wide program assisting elders with grocery shopping and everyday needs.
Special skills

- Bilingual:  English, Mandarin and intermediate Spanish.
- Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills from experience in multi-faceted environments.
- Interpersonal skills: Communicate effectively and understand clients. 
- Passion.  This is not a learned or taught skill.



  
    administrative
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Interpersonal skills
  
  
    CPA
  
  
    critical thinking
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    English
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Investments
  
  
    Mandarin
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    Mail
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    problem solving skills
  
  
    Profit
  
  
    coding
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    Staffing
  
  
    teacher
  


