
** Oswaldo Salazar

******
7575 Scarlet Ibis Lane, Jacksonville, FL 32256, USA
** (904) 216-3798           ** oswaldosal@yahoo.com	



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Global Sourcing and Supply Chain Management Professional with 14 years of experience; With Industrial Engineering in Lean Manufacturing and Supply Chain Optimization, MBA in International Business; With Green Belt LEAN Six Sigma certification, International Experience in Procurement, Commodities, Risk Management, Outsourcing, Contract Manufacturing, and Low Cost Country Sourcing including China, India, and Latin America. With experience in FDA, DEA, and cGMP regulated environment. Multilingual: English, Spanish, Chinese - Mandarin, Portuguese, and French. With expertise in Grocery and Pharmaceuticals, OTC, Health and Personal Care Products, and Food and Beverage Plants

CPG and Grocery Industry Experience: Leading the sourcing strategy for CPG, Food, National Brand and Private Label, HBC, OTC, and Pharmaceuticals to support 500 grocery stores and 400 pharmacies in USA.

International Experience: Building multi-cultural teams in multi-regions including the US, Canada, Latin America, Europe, Asia, India, and other International markets focus in Procurement, Outsourcing, Contract Manufacturing. 

Change Management: Leading global sourcing and supply chain transformations in decentralized and complex matrix organizations, breaking down silos in multi-cultural/regional environments and implementing best practices.

Team Building: Proven achievements across several industries, leading cross-functional teams worldwide.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Responsibility
Leading the procurement and supply chain department transformation for Merchandising for resale, National Brand and Private Label business, responsible for merchandising financial analysis, negotiations strategy, and sourcing decisions, and strategic supplier relationship management to drive top and bottom line P&amp;L results. Be a change agent for enterprise-wide improved business practices and corporate culture by leading cross-functional teams and partner with the different business units with the mandate to reduce costs, improve margins, improve inventory GMROI. Implement Revenue growth programs, and effective pricing and promotion strategies. 
Leading strategic sourcing business initiatives such as RFP and Bidding Processes, in-depth analyses of the business and industry including quantitative and qualitative impact, responsible for managing multiple large-scale projects simultaneously, use change management to guide and coach other business units.
Regularly communicates business plans and drive alignment on product line planning and prioritization to other key areas of organization, Assists management in the formulation of product strategies for acquisitions and supply chain optimization. Identification and planning for strongest profitable growth opportunities, short and long term.
Leading Initiatives that resulted in high impact benefits such as cost avoidance, savings, and partnering with key third party contract manufacturers to hedge and jointly procure raw materials, analyzing and reporting global market commodity trends based on market analysis, supply/demand fundamentals, supply disruption potential, government regulation, and other high-risk conditions that may affect price, supply, and vendor performance; Redesigning supply chain models.
Responsible for implementing processes, metrics, and best procurement practices such as six sigma tools and philosophy including the 7 steps of strategic sourcing methodology, technologies such as Oracle Peoplesoft, e-SOURCING tools such as ARIBA for eRFP and reverse eAuctions to maximize savings and spend visibility.
Portfolio
$4.5Billion/year National Brand and Third Party Private Label Food and CPG Merchandising for re-sale including Health and Personal Care categories. Personally responsible for Family and Home Care: $527MM/Year. Health and Beauty Care: $233MM/Year. General Merchandising: $156MM/Year. Snacks and beverages: $1,054MM/Year. Others: $1,939MM/Year
US$600MM/year of Branded and Generics Pharmaceutical products that used to be procured from wholesalers, achieved savings of US$67MM and liquidity improvement of $22MM by redesigning the whole supply chain and optimizing vendors and SKU rationalization for 100+ pharmaceutical manufacturers and over 6,000 SKUs. Lead 150 people accross15 business units to guarantee a smooth transition from a wholesaler based model to a direct manufacturer relationship model in less than 90 days. Experience in FDA and DEA regulated environment. 
Achievements:
Leading the transformation of the Strategic Sourcing, Procurement, and Supply Chain organization that shaped the company's culture and challenge the status quo to drive change for continuous improvement that resulted in cost reduction of over US$40MM/year and liquidity improvement of US$20MM/year for the last 3 years. 

Director Strategic Sourcing and Supply Chain Operations, 10/2001 - 10/2006
Falconbridge Ltd., Toronto, CANADA: US$12 Billion Canadian F-500 Global Mining and Metals Producer of coal, copper, zinc, nickel, aluminum, and precious metals. (Hostile Takeover by Xstrata Mining Group in 2006)
Responsibility
Setting up and leading the Global Procurement organization to support operations in 21 countries in all 5 continents, overseeing general guidelines and policies with the responsibility for driving strategic sourcing activities globally, directing, coaching, and developing the strategic sourcing and supply chain team of over 100 purchasing, logistics, commodity managers, and strategic sourcing professionals worldwide, responsible for material management, inventory operations, and Six Sigma Projects to partner with key-stakeholders with the purpose of developing and implementing the strategy for managing the commodity groups and services to drive down the total cost of ownership and increase productivity. Implemented Ariba and enterprise software SAP.
Analyzing and reporting global market commodity trends based on market analysis, supply/demand fundamentals, supply disruption potential, government regulation, and other high-risk conditions that may affect price, supply, and vendor performance. Drive change management and achieve results in a decentralized and complex matrix, lead and influenced others without direct authority in a cross-functional, multi-cultural, and multi-regional environment being responsible for developing, negotiating and managing global supply chain contract agreements including Low Cost Country and the China local procurement office to establish global supply chains.
Portfolio
US$ 1.8Billion of identified as Level Five HIGH risk direct materials and services in all 5 continents. The Level Five HIGH risk categories are those that could negatively impact operations such as Chemicals, Energy, Explosives, Equipment, Oil &amp; Fuel, Metals, Tires, Construction Materials, Lab and Medical Supplies.  
Achievements
Leading the transformation of the Procurement organization worldwide to drive the strategic sourcing process globally in a decentralized, multi-cultural matrix. Achieved cost reduction of over $20M/year while mitigating risk. 
Having a Strong Global Strategic Sourcing Organization in place during one of the most challenging periods in the industry, when commodities prices raised to record levels and was common to see suppliers declaring Force Majeure, which caused some of our competitors to be brought down to their knees by lack of supplies. However based on our Strategic and global approach we were in a very strong position with established supply chains from China, India, and other LCC that allowed the company to record profit margins and go into a Global Expansion. 

Manager Global Contract Manufacturing Procurement, 07/1995 - 10/2001 
Motorola Inc. Miami, FL, USA 
Responsibility
Developed Global Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Outsourcing Procurement Strategies including supplier selection, site assessment, performance metric, cost targets, and conformance while managing all aspects of contract manufacturing operations within Low Cost Country Sites to include product supply chain, quality assurance, capacity planning, capabilities assessment, inventory control, cooperative purchasing 
Critical responsibilities included research vendors and outsourcing alternatives versus internal manufacturing costs leading cross-functional teams to develop make Vs buy strategies and drive results on a worldwide basis. Recommend product and process modifications to effect cost reductions and implement manufacturing efficiencies. Identified suppliers' needs and lead projects to lower cost of products and services.
Portfolio
Spend of US$ 1Billion of manufacturing operations. Categories included plastic and metals fabrication, IT hardware and software, packaging, and services with suppliers in Europe, Asia, India, and Latin America
Achievements
Outsourcing initiatives that achieved cost saving targets of at least 60% for COGS and drive change worldwide allowing the organization to accelerate speed to market for New Product Introduction (NPI), and improve quality and service by partnering with key vendors and stakeholders to streamline its supply chain and operations. 

EDUCATION 
MASTER'S DEGREE: MBA in International Business. 06/2000. Louisiana State University at New Orleans, USA.   
B. Sc.: Industrial Engineering in Supply Chain Mgmt. 06/95. National University of Technology, Venezuela. 
CERTIFICATIONS: Six Sigma Green Belt, Auditor for ISO 9001 and 14001, CPM, CPP, LEAN, JIT.
LANGUAGES: Fluent English, Spanish. Basic knowledge Chinese - Mandarin, Portuguese, and French.













2/2
** Oswaldo Salazar




  
    acquisitions
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    business plans
  
  
    capacity planning
  
  
    change management
    change agent
  
  
    Chinese
  
  
    coach
    coaching
  
  
    commodities
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    continuous improvement
  
  
    cost reduction
  
  
    directing
  
  
    driving
  
  
    Fluent English
  
  
    financial analysis
  
  
    French
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    inventory
    inventory control
  
  
    ISO 9001
  
  
    LANGUAGES
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Mgmt
    managing
  
  
    Mandarin
  
  
    market analysis
  
  
    market
  
  
    Materials
    materials
  
  
    Merchandising
    merchandising
  
  
    office
  
  
    negotiating
    negotiations
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Oil
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    Peoplesoft
  
  
    philosophy
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Portuguese
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Processes
    processes
  
  
    Procurement
    procurement
  
  
    Producer
  
  
    profit
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    relationship management
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Six Sigma
    six sigma
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    Supply Chain
    supply chain
  


