
RANDALL D. WOODS
6001 Chinaberry Ct									
Statesboro, GA 30458	                                                                                                                    snr742@nctv.com
Home: 912.489.0750
							             		

EDUCATION:		Georgia  Southern University					            Statesboro, GA	
BBA in Accounting

EXPERIENCE:	              2002-2007	  Pro Line Printing, Inc.			                 Pineville, NC
			Division Controller
Formulated new accounting procedures necessary to better accommodate flow of operational data in the company.
Standardized certain aspects of accounting department to allow for a more consistent record-keeping and reporting process.
Identified, developed and scheduled various managerial tools for comparative analysis of production costs.
     
1990-2001	Y-Delta, Inc.						Statesboro, GA	
Controller
Evaluated, restructured and converted existing accounting system to one more closely representative of the company's operations.
Directed the conversion of manual accounting system to mechanized networked configuration using the new account structure.
Reviewed system requirements periodically and upgraded computer network to enhance   productivity.                                                                             		               
Established cash management plan to better inform management and better utilize cash flow.
Researched and launched SIMPLE IRA retirement plan for interested employees and subsequently converted to 401(k) plan.
Upgraded and reinforced accounting reporting with migration to more sophisticated software package.

1983-1990	Randall D. Woods, Accountant			  Statesboro, GA	
Sole Practitioner
Purchased small accounting practice from the estate of prior owner and established a rapport with and retained the majority of the existing clients.
Hired and trained personnel to assist in monthly accounting write-up, tax preparation for individuals, corporations and partnerships and various other sundry projects.

1974-1983	Dabbs, Deal &amp; Thigpen, CPAs	                                            Statesboro, GA
Staff Accountant
					


Randall  D. Woods  Resume-Page 2
Addendum

Y-Delta, Inc.
Initial duty assignments consisted of bid package preparation for Estimator/Project Managers in industrial/commercial
construction company and Workers Compensation Claims Manager. The former included review and evaluation of bid
job specifications and bid package presentation for open bidding. It also entailed the specific bid bond request for each
job bid and the corresponding relationship with the company's bonding agent  and surety. Workers Compensation
management  includes the immediate  medical attention of company employees based on the severity of each individual
case. Injured employees are directed to appropriate treatment and monitored throughout their treatment in conjunction with out assigned adjustors. Future assignments in this position will involve safety, company drug program and sundry human resource functions not handled by other staff members.

Pro Line Printing, Inc.
Monitored  and  directed  one subordinate in day to day operations consisting of, but not limited to, cost recognition application in the Accounts Payable function and General Ledger  function, pro forma monthly adjustments  in anticipation of month-end close, special corporate and division sundry assignments and weekly evaluation and payment of vendor requests.
Y-Delta, Inc.
Maintained and monitored day to day accounting function with the assistance of  three  subordinates  consisting  of Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Payroll,  General Ledger, various HR functions, Administrative functions  to assist management  and IT Management.
Randall  D. Woods, Accountant
Managed  a  small  accounting practice (150-200 clients) with one subordinate. Performed various accounting functions consisting of yearly individual, corporate and partnership returns, monthly write-up work, quarterly and yearly payroll tax returns, W-2's and  unaudited financial statements as required.

Dabbs, Deal &amp; Thigpen, CPA's

Performed various write-up assignments in connection with preparation of individual, corporate and partnership returns, quarterly and yearly payroll tax returns, W-2's and unaudited financial statements as required.  Audited   yearly, as team member, telephone  companies  and nursing homes. Prepared SBA (Small Business Administration) loans   for   various clients in varying  job sectors.




  
    accounting
  
  
    Accountant
  
  
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    Accounts Receivable
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    Business Administration
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    cash management
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    CPA
  
  
    clients
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    General Ledger
  
  
    human resource
    HR
  
  
    IT Management
  
  
    managerial
  
  
    migration
  
  
    network
  
  
    nursing
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    rapport
  
  
    record-keeping
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    safety
  
  
    tax preparation
    tax
  
  
    telephone
  


