
5350 Pebbletree way
San Jose, CA 95111


Phone (408)667-2285
kamyarshirallie@yahoo.com	

           Kamyar Shirallie
Objective	Seeking a challenging position in an industry leading company in order to utilize my Technical and Customer Support expertise to excel as a professional and add to the growth of the company.	

Education	De Anza College,Cupertino, CA, Unix &amp; Lab
Oklahoma City University, Oklahoma City, OK, Bachelor of Science and Technology 	

skills	Salesforce CM, Clarify CRM, Unix, Office, Word, Power point, C++, WAN, LAN. 	

Professional experience	2007-2009, Nortel Networks, Santa Clara, CA 
Support Software Engineer 
Responsible for support of Nortel Network's latest routers and layer 3 switches such as ERS 8600 and ERS 5500. Specific duties are diagnostic and troubleshooting of customer problems by replicating customer's environment and replicating their issues at Nortel Network Labs.

2004-2007, Air-Trak Inc, San Diego, CA
Technical Support Specialist
Involved in front-line Customer Service and Technical Support for Air-Trak's Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) tracking system. Assist customers with all aspects of installation/upgrade and day-to-day operation of the Enterprise Display desktop software. Support users with the download, installation and upgrade of software on numerous models of Sprint/Nextel cell phones. Provide assistance to field technicians during installation and maintenance of In-Vehicle (permanently installed) tracking and messaging systems. Experienced in managing multiple Customer/Technical Support tasks through the case life-cycle: initial reporting, information collection, documentation, analysis and diagnosis, escalation and/or solution determination, follow-up, and case closure using (Salesforce.com). Responsible for diagnosing and initiating system RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) service request.
Assisted in operations tasks, including order processing/fulfillment and RMA process management.




2000-2002, BMC Software, Inc, San Jose, CA
Technical Response Representative
Responsible for customer service: problem discovery, finding solution, tracking customer issues, closing cases and increasing customer satisfaction. 
Maintaining and monitoring customer relationship to deliver timely issue resolution.       
Responsible for training other BMC customer service representatives to help increase their skills and productivity. 
Involved in teaching new product releases to customers and team members. 
In charge of managing multiple projects and creating detailed documentation of all cases. 

1994-2000, Blockbuster EN, Mountain View, CA
Regional Corporate Training Manager
Responsible for training store managers and employees. 
Trained managers in building relationships with customers, maintaining initiative when under pressure
Understanding the customer, reducing tension in work place, and negotiating skills.
Developed and organized training materials for managers and employees.
Identified employee training needs and developed a corporate training strategy.
Created a certification program for managers.
Determined quarterly objectives and ensured individual managers would meet their goal.
Involved in the recruiting of store and regional managers.

1992-1994, End of Line Services, Santa Clara, CA      
Production Planner
Responsibilities involve professional customer service telephone skills,
Receiving / planning and customer forecast. Identifying product
Deficiencies and notifying customers.
Expeditor
Responsibilities included receiving and prioritizing products through
Production line, coordinate time and schedule with QA and shipping.
Keeping customers inform with any changes on a daily basis. 

1987-1992, Axis Construction Corp, San Jose, CA            
Site Manager
Responsible for planning and site surveys. Worked with engineering team and clients to provide development schedules and proposals.
Supervised the construction crew during early phases through the competition of project.
Developed request for proposals, negotiated price and deliveries with vendors and contractors.
Provided the hydrologic analysis, which was performed to determine the source and magnitude of peak flow rates.
Prepared reports and analysis for potential clients on commercial sites.




References	Available upon request		















  
    C++
  
  
    Clarify
  
  
    closing
  
  
    com
  
  
    corporate training
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    diagnosis
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    email
  
  
    fast
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Power point
  
  
    Word
  
  
    negotiating
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network
  
  
    Nortel
  
  
    peak
  
  
    process management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Receiving
    receiving
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    routers
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    switches
  
  
    teaching
  
  
    Technical Support
  
  
    telephone skills
    phones
    phone
  
  
    employee training
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    WAN
  


