
Christian P. Heller

Education

American InterContinental University, Los Angeles, CA	11/2001
Master of Information Technology

University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA	12/1995
Bachelor of Art in Political Science
Student Senate
Pre-law Fraternity - Master of Ritual

Technical Skills

Testing tool Hiperstation+, SAP, Client/Server system Sunview, Microsoft Office, CICS, Rumba 5.2, Vantage, RPS, TSO, Windows 2000, e-Tester. Site Manager, ITS Quick Look, WAST, Perf Monitor, ASTRA Quick Test, e-load,
ASTRA Site Manager, Visual Source Safe, Rational Robot, Mercury WinRunner, Mercury LoadRunner, Empirix e-test Suite, Site Server, Java, Visual Basic, Html, Oracle, ASP, Active X, TCP/IP, Networking and Project Mgmt., ODBC IIS, MS Project, VSS, MS Visio, MS Automated Test Tool.

Professional Summary

Senior QA Analyst with over 9 years of professional technical experience, including:

Over 9 years of manual and automated testing experience 
Extensive experience performing black box and grey box testing.
Solid experience testing in a .Net environment, as well as well versed with multiple software platforms.
Significant experience working with Business Analysts, Project Managers, and Product Managers to complete projects.
Technical experience including VB, ASP, SQL, and Java.
Working knowledge of SQL queries using Rapid SQL
Long track record of quality analysis and business knowledge testing financial applications in an multi-tier java environment 
Working knowledge of Mainframe such as AS400 applications testing 
Working knowledge of software SDLC methodologies 
Experience functional, regression, smoke, integration and UAT testing 


Experience

PeopleWare Technical Resources Inc., El Segundo, CA	8/2006-11/2006
Senior QA Analyst

Created and executed test plans and cases.
Ran manual and automated testing scripts using Test Director.
Worked on AS400, web technologies and client server applications.
Coordinated with Business Analysts and Product Manager to complete projects.
Implemented QA standards and guidelines for bank division.
Used Test Director to document software rules and business changes.

Downey Savings and Loan, Newport Beach, CA	9/2005-8/2006
Senior QA Analyst

Created and executed test plans and cases.
Ran manual and automated testing scripts.
Worked on multiple software platforms.
Coordinated with Business Analysts and Product Manager to complete projects.
Followed banking industry software and compliance regulations and guidelines.

Tri-Staff Group, Inc., Irvine, CA	4/2005-9/2005
QA Analyst

Contracted to hire at Finance America, Inc.
Created test plans.
Created test cases.
Functional testing for web applications for mortgage industry.
QA Policies and Procedures implementation.
Implemented a testing lab for application development unit within IT.

Commercial Programming Systems, Inc., Los Angeles, CA	1/2003-10/2004
QA Lead Engineer

MS Project, VSS, MS Visio, MS Automated Test Tool.
Completed contract was with Toyota Motors Sales, USA.
Black box testing of intranet sites for Toyota Motors Corporation.
Grey box testing of intranet sites for Toyota Motors Corporation.
Recorded and played automated test scripts using Rational Robot.
Created test cases for new intranet sites for Toyota Motors Corporation.
Worked with management and technical teams to report bugs and resolve problems.
Completed change management/release builds to production using content management tools.

Homestore.com, Westlake Village/Anaheim/Thousand Oaks, CA	8/2000-1/2003
QA Lead Engineer

Windows 2000, e-Tester, Site Manager, ITS Quick Look, WAST, Perf Monitor, ASTRA Quick Test, e-load, ASTRA Site Manager, Site Server, Java, Visual Basic, Html, Oracle, ASP, Active X, TCP/IP.
Developed test plans based on functional and technical specifications.
Recorded and played automated test scripts using e-test Suite by Empirix.
Created, recorded and played automated test scripts using Mercury Interactive Winrunner and Loadrunner.
QA Lead Engineer for CRM project in Visual Basic environment.
Performed interviews for QA department.
White box testing for 1 year.
Black box testing for over 2 years.
Familiar with Software testing and development methodologies.
Managed a team of 2 QA testers and worked closely with Product Manager in coordinating projects.

Test Administrator - QA
Developed test scenarios.
Developed test plans based on functional and technical specs to ensure accuracy.
Communicated the status of changes and updates to the QA environment to all affected parties.
Release engineer functions for Realtor.com.
Used web based automated testing tools to gather and report information on the test results.
Worked with Producer and Project Manager to complete projects.
Black Box Testing.
Helped conduct interviews for prospective employees.

Pacific Life Insurance Company, Newport Beach, CA	10/1999-8/2000
Product Implementation Analyst - MIS Department

Maintained and developed the business systems.
Black box testing of business applications.
Client service support with death claim calculations and life insurance products.
Ran illustrations of life insurance products.
Updated systems: Vector, Alis, Cyberlife.

SunAmerica, Inc., Woodland Hills, CA	4/1996-10/1999
Year 2000 Operations Analyst - MIS Department

Testing tool Hiperstation+, SAP, Client/Server system Sunview, Microsoft Office, CICS, Rumba 5.2, Vantage, RPS, TSO.
Analyzed and implemented Year 2000 testing requirements.
Year 2000 compliance documentation, software and system modification testing.
Change management function support.
Recorded and played automated test scripts using Compuware Hiperstation+ testing tool.
Black box testing of business applications within SunAmerica Inc.



  
    Active X
  
  
    analyst
  
  
    application development
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    banking
  
  
    business systems
  
  
    Change management
    change management
  
  
    CICS
  
  
    Client/Server
    client server
  
  
    com
  
  
    content management
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Client
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    HP
  
  
    Html
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Java
  
  
    LoadRunner
    Loadrunner
  
  
    Mercury Interactive
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    Networking
  
  
    ODBC
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Policies
  
  
    Product Manager
  
  
    Producer
  
  
    Project Mgmt
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    Rumba 5.2
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Site Server
  
  
    Software testing
  
  
    Visual Source Safe
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Test Director
  
  
    TSO
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    WinRunner
    Winrunner
  
  
    Year 2000
  


