
  Elisa Salmeron
                                                                       http://www.linkedin.com/in/elisasalmeron                                 
2049 South Ocean Drive                                                                                       786-344-7011
Hallandale Beach, Florida 33009               	ElisaSalmeron12@me.com 
                                                                       PROFILE

	Dynamic Sales Professional with proven results in using exceptional selling skills to exceed territories sales goals and drive growth within the company. Strong business relationships and future client base while meeting and exceeding sales goals. Able to establish rapport and credibility with diverse groups ranging from team members and senior leadership team. Solution-oriented with an eye toward bottom-line results. Bilingual in English and Spanish 
Customer Relationship Management        
Highly Motivated 
Strong Consultative Selling Skills
Proven Track Record 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Rank # 17 Nation Hialeah, Florida 2008
Ranked # 1 in the Business Center for 2005-2006 Nexium Seroquel 
Awards: Regional Travel Awards Top 15% of the Region 2005 
Top 2.5% of the Nation in  All Therapeutic Area 
Circle of Excellent  WINNER 2005 -2006   
Top 1% of the Nation All Therapeutic Area Winner of Car Upgrade Award 2005  
Assumed exclusive responsibility for some Top Accounts with successful results.
Delivered clinical messages and implemented marketing program effectively.
Provided disease state education and product expertise for CNS, Cardiovascular, Gastroenterology, COPD, Asthma, Osteoarthritis and Diabetes. 
Rapidly learn and master Zoming, Rhinocort Aqua, Nexium, Crestor, Seroquel XR.    
Launched Symbicort, Vimovo Seroquel XR and Onglyza.
Demonstrated success in a high competitive market and territory with Primary Care, Allergist, Pulmonologists, Cardiologists, Gastroenterologists, Psychiatrist and Endocrinologist 
Provided Technical product information and expertise to Hospitals and account customers 
Proven ability to be a team player, fast learner and computer trainer. 
District Ride-along, Business Acumen and Managed Care Champion selected by Managers. 
Implemented strategies to drive market share in heavy competitive market in tightly controlled Managed Care







 
Pfizer Animal Health New York, New York 
Senior Territory Manager                                                                  January 1992 - January2002                                            
 
 

Awards: Only sales representative to receive six awards from the South Florida Veterinary Association Awards:
Leadership Council four consecutive years.
Certificate of Achievement two consecutive years. 
Successful Product Launches Rimadyl -Arthritis for Dogs, Revolution - for cats and dogs Topical parasiticide and anthelminthic. 
Top Performance selling Injectable Companion Animal Vaccines  Parvo, Distemper ,Leukemia 
I had exclusive responsibility for Miami-Dade and Monroe county territory in 1999. Grew annual sales from 700,000 in 1999 to 1.5 million in 2001.  Increased client base by one-third resulting in more sales.
Developed training programs for technicians and business managers to increase their effectiveness and product sales including software training


										
Health Insurance Plan 
New York, New York 							           January 1986-1992 Senior Account Executive    

Delivered accurate information on various Government lines of business and Commercial Groups and got excellent results.
Met and exceeded department performance with new business and existing business.        
Knowledge of all HIP programs, promotional campaigns and departmental systems and software.
Managed a team of 5 representatives to developed selling skills and product knowledge.


Continuing Education 
  CMR Institute learning Initiative Certified Medical Representatives September, 2010
  


Education
Jersey City State College Jersey City, New Jersey   
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration    




  
    competitive
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
  
  
    English
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    97
  
  
    fast learner
  
  
    Selling
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    Summit
  
  
    team player
  
  
    trainer
  
  
    Upgrade
  


