
                             TERESA M. GEDULDIG
            7310 South View Court, Fairfax Station, VA, 22039 C: (703) 298-7343; tgeduldig@verizon.net
OBJECTIVE: Accomplished leader seeking an acquisition consulting position. Motivated to leverage 23 years
of active military experience in order to train and lead acquisition professionals, improve organization
effectiveness, and develop learning solutions that contribute to achieving the strategic goals of the company.


                                    SUMMARY of QUALIFICATIONS
    Security Clearance: Top Secret (active); Possessed SCI access, but read off due to reassignments; U.S.
    Army Veteran.
    More than 23 years of active military service with the U.S. Army and training and supervising Soldiers and
    support staffs, more than 18 years of experience managing operational logistics support to systems and
    missions, more than 15 years of experience with program and project management of multi-complex systems
    and events, and more than 10 years of experience with operational analysis of military systems involving
    science, technology, and engineering.
    Dynamic professional with recognized management of diverse and multi-functional teams.
    Results oriented and pro-active professional with proven abilities in strategic planning, improving efficiency
    of operations, managing people and projects, staff training and team building.
    Confident, calm, and focused on solutions, with exceptional communication and public speaking skills.
    Keen ability to see the "big picture" while staying abreast of details and timelines.
    Program Management Level III, DAWIA certified.

                                       PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

U.S. Army Evaluation Center (AEC), Alexandria, VA                                              May 2007 &#173; May 2011
Division Chief/Supervisor, Force Sustainment
MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL LEADERSHIP:
  Directed evaluations of more than 230 defense programs, while managing an operational budget of more
      than $15 billion in programs.
  Supervised a multi-functional workforce of 30 civilian engineers, system analysts, and military evaluators.
      Each employee was responsible for the logistics support and determining the resourcing needs for 5-15
      different systems and system of systems programs, as well as leading teams of approximately 10-30
      personnel in support of each of these systems. RESULTS: Managed oversight of a lot of people, moving in
      a lot of different directions, accomplishing a lot of different tasks, and successfully kept track of the who,
      what, where, when, and why for all of them.
  Recognized by the senior executive Director for strong leadership, diverse and broad understanding of both
      the military and civilian career development paths.
  Actively embraced career coaching and mentorship through instructional classes designed toward
      employees learning the importance of developing and refining measurable performance objectives.
      RESULTS: Established performance measures, implemented across the agency. Positively influenced the
      agency standard for how employee performance accomplishments are presented to the pay pool panel.
Teresa M. Geduldig &#173; Resume, Page 2; tgeduldig@verizon.net

            Provided critical input to the agency-wide Manpower Study, stabilizing Team Leader movement.
            RESULTS: Captured organizational savings of approximately 300 man hours per year and 10% in
            government salary and contract support fees through division reorganization and manpower optimization.
            Successfully managed office sites at three separate locations and across two states in support of the Base
            Realignment and Closure (BRAC) move. RESULTS: Ensured the orderly transition of personnel into
            either new positions or release from government service without jeopardizing support to the mission.

      TRAINING AND STAFF DEVELOPMENT:
        Implemented a professional and technical development program, designed around the employee, and
          identifying the required needs and desired goals for successful career development training. RESULTS:
          Each employee walked away with a "roadmap" focused on their individual career goals and cross-walked to
          the organization's performance expectations. Improved employee productivity by over 20%, and
          recognized by the senior executive Director as one of the best development programs in the Directorate.

      PROGRAM/PROJECT MANAGEMENT AND TECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENTS:
        Teamed with Program Managers, analysis Team Leaders, and Soldiers to identify potential leaning
          solutions for evaluation teams to implement during testing. RESULTS: Applied knowledge of direct
          acquisition and program management referenced from the Defense Acquisition Guidebook, Test and
          Evaluation regulations, and Program Fielding regulations to leverage the planning, acquisition, and
          management of resources in compliance with establishing cost, schedule, and measurable performance
          goals for sustainment logistics acquisition programs. Saved the Army more than $1M across multiple
          airdrop programs valued at $12M in the areas of reliability and maintainability, equipment savings, and
          manpower savings
        Established bi-annual PM and system Team Leader information exchanges. The PM office, evaluation
          office, and user representatives exchanged information concerning new and revised policies, discussed
          guidance on how best to implement, and the potential impacts to mission requirements, operational testing,
          and/or user assessments. RESULTS: Cultivated strong partnerships. Enabled critical discussions for
          support early on in the program development, reducing downstream costs to the PMs.
        Researched and translated the intent and potential impacts on new and proposed initiatives of Department of
          Defense (DOD) plans, policies, and standards aimed at developing the workforce and defense systems.

      U.S. Army Operational Test Command, Fort Hood, TX                                           June 2004 &#173;May 2007
      Division Chief/Supervisor, Combat Support Systems
      MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL LEADERSHIP:
         Led a multi-disciplined team of 15 military, civilian engineers, and contract support employees with
             oversight of more than 65 Army sustainment system test teams ranging from 25 to 60 personnel each.
         Actively managed oversight of multiple systems in Acquisition Category (ACAT) I-IV, to include tests
             with OSD oversight, Joint Services, and Rapid Initiatives.
         Responsible for ensuring schedules, resources, and contract deliverables were on time and within budget.
             RESULTS: Successfully secured test funding and managed operational budgets of up to $10M per test.
         Liaised between senior leadership, Program Managers, and military customers to identify project
             requirements, future needs, and the appropriate timelines to integrate and implement new and revised
             requirements and processes into the overall program schedule. RESULTS: Developed and maintained
             productive and dynamic relationships between Department of Defense agencies, acquisition and
             government communities, and military customers.
         Consulted weekly with Program Managers and Materiel Developers regarding milestone schedules and
             successful preparation for milestone review packages and boards. Analyzed the operational mission
             concepts and developed reliability and maintainability requirements in order to revise the prototype design
             for systems progressing toward testing.
         Successfully coordinated with test teams, deployed overseas, to collect additional data and user feedback
             for systems already fielded and/or Rapid Action Initiatives (RAIs).
Teresa M. Geduldig &#173; Resume, Page 3; tgeduldig@verizon.net
    Operational Test Officer/Team Leader, Combat Support Systems, U.S. Army Operational Test Command
    MANAGEMENT AND CONTRACT OVERSIGHT:
        Directly supervised operational test teams ranging from 25 to 60 military, government civilian, and
           contract support employees.
        Coordinated and managed test funding of up to $3M. Developed the test schedules, reviewed/revised
           Statements of Work (SOWs) and contract deliverables, and responsible for hiring and managing the test
           team staff to support each project.
        Led operational testing in support of more than 25 logistics systems, to include quick reaction efforts.
        Recognized by the Commanding General, Operational Test Command, as an outstanding leader during
           the U.S. Army's largest multi-system integration test event, with a budget of approximately $15M.
        Consulted with Program Managers and Materiel Developers to organize system training in a digital
           command and control environment for more than 500 personnel during multi-system integration testing.
        Liaised with Program Managers, program developers, and user groups to recognize solutions in refining
           areas of acceptable risk in order to improve performance, and ultimately mission success for our Soldiers.
        Established criteria for and led early strategy reviews, readiness reviews, and participated in design trade
           studies, failure review boards, and risk management boards.

    U.S. Army Space Command, Colorado Springs, CO                                              June 2001 &#173; June 2004
    Missile Defense Brigade Operations Officer (Senior Operations Officer), 100th Missile Defense Brigade
    MANAGEMENT AND JOINT SERVICE COLLABORATION:
        Hand-picked to serve as the Senior Operations Officer in support of the U.S. President's direction to
            establish a Ground-based Missile Defense (GMD) homeland defense system.
        Briefed the Commanding General, U.S. Northern Command, monthly on the GMD training status.
        Designed a senior leader training package, training as many as 320 personnel including senior executives,
            senior defense consultants, and general officers, to develop and refine software baselines for the system.
            RESULTS: Developed and refined joint services policies and operating procedures. Laid the foundation
            for the successful fielding and training curricula for the system and operators 8 months ahead of schedule.

                                     CAREER EXPERIENCE RELATED SKILLS
    Leadership, Supervision, Management of employees across multiple sites, Management of funds across multiple
    programs, Program and project management, Human Resource management, Technology development and
    transition, Administrative oversight, Strategic planning, Organizational and staff development, Training
    development, Traditional and non-traditional instruction, Performance counseling, Career coaching and employee
    mentorship, Problem-solving analysis, Strong verbal and written communication, including preparing position
    papers, briefings, and correspondence for/to senior leaders.

                                                EDUCATION
    Master of Science, Materiel Acquisition Management, Florida Institute of Technology, Fort Lee, VA
    Bachelor of Arts, Psychology, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, AR

                               TRAINING, CERTIFICATIONS, and MEMBERSHIPS
    Program Management, Level III, DAWIA Certification, Ft. Belvoir, VA (2010)
    Information Technology, Level I, DAWIA Certification, Ft. Belvoir, VA (2009)
    Test and Evaluation, Level III, DAWIA Certification, Ft. Belvoir, VA (2008)
    Army Acquisition Corps (AAC) certified member, Army Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology
    (AL&amp;T) Workforce (2008)
    Civilian Leader Advanced Certification, Civilian Education System Leader Development (2009)
    Defense Acquisition University Alumni Association , Defense Acquisition University, Ft. Belvoir, VA
    Association of the United States Army (AUSA), Fairfax Chapter, Fairfax, VA
    Military Officers Association of America (MOAA)
    Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW)
    Women in Defense (WID)
    American Association of University Women (AAUW)



  
    Administrative
  
  
    Army
  
  
    agency
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    counseling
  
  
    direction
  
  
    functional
  
  
    funds
  
  
    government
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Human Resource
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Leadership
    leadership
    Team Leader
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    office
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Organizational
    organizational
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Problem-solving
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Program Management
  
  
    project management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quick
  
  
    Research
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    staff development
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Strategic planning
  
  
    Supervision
  
  
    system integration
  
  
    Training
    development
  
  
    written communication
  


