
Jerry L. Harper	

Address: 8860 Moonlit Meadows Loop Riverview, FL 33578     Phone: (813) 451-0804      E-mail: JLHarper75@yahoo.com 	


Objectives	
I am relocating to your area and I am looking to obtain a manager / supervisor position with your company, where I can leverage my 13+  years of customer service leadership and call center management experience to exceed your expectations and deliver results.
Acquire talent, develop staff and coach for success.
Ability to make an impact and contribute to an innovative environment surrounded by talented people.
Promote an environment of personal accountability that delivers consistent results against commitments and goals.	

Experience	Manager, Strategic Accounts Customer Service
2002 - 2011  APAC  Customer Services, Inc. (previously TeleTech),  Tampa, FL
Responsible for hiring, training, retaining and developing team members who support the organization's high volume strategic customers.   
Responsible to lead the effective and profitable results for assigned teams.
Administers company policies, best practices and standard operating procedures to facilitate performance that consistently exceeds client expectations.  
Provides the thought leadership and innovation necessary for continuous , while ensuring a positive work environment.  
Active role model of demonstrating pride and ownership as a leader of the organization.
Responsible for delivery of customer satisfaction, business results and employee satisfaction in order to ensure achievement of scorecard and client goals.
Responsible for leading a team of 30+ employees.
Provides supervision to both direct and indirect reports to ensure proper floor coverage and maintain a positive leadership presence at all times.	



Trainer, Call Center
1999 - 2002  GEICO Direct, Lakeland, FL
Developed and implemented training program to ensure effectiveness of agent performance delivered to call center / customer service personnel.
Reported individual progress and identified additional training needs per agent.
Assisted in program development when there were new products and/or services.
Responsible for call monitoring and coaching for success.
Mentored less senior trainers and call center / customer service personnel.	


Skills / Software	
Leadership
Business Operations
Training and Development
Best in Class Customer Service
Microsoft Suite / Applications
Call Center Reporting / Scorecard
Customer Relationship Management
Vendor partnering
Lotus Notes
Blue Pumpkin
Witness
Speech Analytics	

Education	
University of Phoenix / Axia College
Currently enrolled and pursing my Associates of Arts in Business Management
Florida School of Insurance, Tampa, FL
Life, Health and Variable Annuities Insurance license
Plant City High School, Plant City, FL
High School Diploma	

Interests	Problem solving, best practice sharing, human resources, developing talent and coaching for success.  Developing a culture that celebrates diversity.	

References	References are available on request.	












Jerry L. Harper	

Address: 8860 Moonlit Meadows Loop Riverview, FL 33578  Phone: (813) 451-0804 E-mail: JLHarper75@yahoo.com		





  
    budget
  
  
    Business Operations
  
  
    Call Center
    call center
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    continuous improvement
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    Leadership
    leadership
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Microsoft Suite
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    program development
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    Speech
  
  
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    supervision
  


