
Resume

William J. Wade
T 310.927.7462
bwade3@mac.com
Reel: http://secretsoflove.tv/Reel_Revsd020912.2.mp4

- Adept at translating verbal or written information into effective visual communication
- Proven ability to create impact designs for broadcast, web, print, and new media
- Experience with UI/UX integration, task flows and pipelines, competitive analysis
- Excellent sense of design, color harmony, motion, typography, and composition
- Dependable delivery of assets for developers and producers use
- Current experience with digital video, trending video formats, rich media apps
- Adept at integrating content with brand
- Fluent in entertainment, broadcast, and social media trends
- Proficiency with a variety of software including the Adobe production bundle
- Emmy and Aurora Awards

EXPERIENCE
Video Content Specialist
Seattle, WA
Microsoft
2011 Mar &#173; Dec Contract

Provided content creation services for Microsofts highest selling entertainment division.
Primary work was for next gen video game including production, design, editing, and
motion design. Created pre-visualization video working with actors, director, and other
crew as needed. Worked on closed motion capture set with protected incubation and
new technologies. Provided design, motion design, and editing services for other groups
as needed. Created mood and style boards, collaborated with other designers,
department heads, production crew, to deliver best solutions. Under NDA until release
in 2012.

ABC4 KOMO
Seattle, WA
Design Director
Fisher Communications
2006-2007

Achieved ratings increase for this Fisher ABC flagship station from number two in the
market to number one during the 5-6pm block during the first six months of employment.
Created new station graphics package utilizing pieces of the existing package.
Communication and collaboration improved with all departments. Improved design
department morale. Updated design production equipment with Mac systems to create
efficiencies. Redesigned ENG vans and helicopter graphics. Coordinated all incoming
requests for assignment and delegation to staff. Performed staff evaluations and
reviews. Hired freelance or full time designers as needed. Established weekly design
staff meetings. Participated in station department head meetings interfacing as needed
to assure stations graphics needs met. References available.


ABC7
Washington, D.C.
Senior Motion Designer/Editor
Albritton Communications
2004 - 2006

Developed intelligent design solutions for promotions, programs, opens, interstitials,
graphic looks, image campaigns, commercials; collaborated with fellow designers, art
director, producers, and CSD for the design, production and compositing of motion
graphics and animations; edl conforming, editing, art direct, produce, or consult on
green screen shoots; design producing, compositing, effects, motion tracking, time
warping, color correction, edit finishing with After Effects and Discreet Smoke; Smoke
Level II certified 8/05; took average looking video and processed it to achieve a film look;
observed and implemented current design trends; performed drive management and
archiving to D-Beta or DVDs. Worked on multiple platforms and NLE systems including
SGI, Mac, or PC as job demands. During the time I was there this $900 million dollar
station achieved and solidified the number two position in the very competitive DC
market. References available. Aurora Award, June 2005, On Your Side

NBC8
Tampa, Florida
Motion Graphic Designer
Media General ( NYSE:MEG )
2002 - 2004
Number one rated station in the 13th ADI market. Created award winning motion
graphics designs for programs, commercials, promotions, and news; collaborated with
with producers, editors, art director, marketing department, and other designers to meet
the stations requirements for graphics; implement design trends; skills include live
action production, nonlinear editing, multi-platform video compression, green screen
production, interactive content and GUI design. Proficient with PC or Macs in
a networked environment.

UPN13
San Diego, California
Motion Graphics Designer
Entravision Communications ( NYSE : EVC )
1999 - 2002

Worked in multiple capacities including design for on-air, commercial producer, print
design, commercial editing, set design, and art direction, and supervision of department
in the San Diego duopoly of the 40 station group. Prepared and monitored departments
annual budget. Provided creative services to all departments, primarily to News and
Sales in the creation of commercials and content. Initiated the installation of
a networked video server. Responsible for nonlinear editing systems evaluation and
acquisition. Supervised editors, producers, and collaborated with account managers,
and administrators as needed. Designed and developed company's interactive content
in a collaborative process with Flash production expert. References available.

Emmy Award, July 2000 Design / Animation

Four Square Productions, Inc.
San Diego, California
Freelance Designer
1999

Work included interface and motion graphics design for classified futuristic Navy
project SPAWAR, ( Space Warfare ) defense contractors Computer Sciences (CSC),
Science Applications (SAIC), infomercials, and a variety of other productions as directed
by show producers or editors. Collaborated with other designers.



Digital Image Video Productions
San Diego, California
Designer/Editor
1994 - 1999

Designed graphics, performed editing, supervised development and production of
broadcast and interactive projects. Met with clients to develop graphics packages for
variety of projects for multiple venues. Hired outside vendors. Was key in facilitating the
company's transition from tape to a digital workspace. Created the company's first
design workstation and design services department. Assisted in the development of
second generation web design and content. Clients included Fortune 500s, Sanyo,
Sony, CSC, CBS TV San Diego, ABC TV San Diego, US Postal Service.


United Media Entertainment
San Diego, CA
Producer / Director
1992-1994

Produced and developed the American Photo Series as a co-venture with Hachette
Magazines NYC headquarters. Negotiated talent, performing, production, and legal
agreements required for the production and completion of the programs. Supervised
and directed location and studio production. Created production timelines and
schedules for post production. Supervised post production and assured completion.




 EDUCATION

1984          ABC WKRN TV                    Nashville         News Internship
1983          Cypress College                Cypress, Ca       Fine Arts
1978          Art Center College of Design   Pasadena, CA      Comm. Photo
1973-74       Peabody College                Nashville, TN     Fine Arts



 AWARDS

Emmy 2001 for Design and Animation: UPN Identity: Designer/producer/editor
Aurora 2005 for Design : ABC 7 On Your Side: Designer / Editor



  
    ABC
    ABC 7
  
  
    After Effects
  
  
    Photo
  
  
    Animation
  
  
    art
  
  
    art
director
    art direction
    art director
  
  
    Agency
    agency
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    budget
  
  
    color
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    content
    content creation
  
  
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    DC
  
  
    Dec
  
  
    editing
    edit
    Editor
    editor
  
  
    film
  
  
    Flash
  
  
    freelance
  
  
    graphics design
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    GUI design
  
  
    image
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logo design
  
  
    Mac
    Macs
  
  
    director
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Navy
  
  
    Network
  
  
    next
  
  
    print
design
  
  
    producing
    producer
  
  
    selling
    Sales
  
  
    San
  
  
    set design
  
  
    SGI
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    TV
  
  
    video
  
  
    web design and content
  


