
Amarjeet Singh
E - 304, Jasminium, Magarpatta, Hadapsar, PUNE, INDIA, PO-411013
	E mail: amarteotia@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9860340595

Professional Summary:

Technical Lead with 6 years of experience in the IT industry, designing, developing and implementing n tier architecture in j2ee based applications.
Experience in various web based applications using java, j2ee, jsp, servlet, struts, spring, hibernate, jdbc, JAX-WS web services, SOAP, html, css, javascript, xml, xslt, Websphere, Weblogic and Apache Tomcat.
Extensive experience in analysis of project requirements through customer interaction, preparation of Functional Specifications, UML modeling, project design etc.
Worked and managed teams in varied work culture environments, good International exposure in different countries like USA, Germany.
Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Working knowledge of various phases of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and SCRUM methodology in Agile development environment.
Onsite experience in Germany for developing, deploying and testing the application.
Well versed in written and verbal communication in German Language with client.

Certifications
Sun Certified Java Programmer SCJP 1.5 with 90 % score.
IKM (International knowledge Measurement) proficiency with 80 percentile score.
Finance Professional certification from Oracle.

Technical Expertise:

Languages		:	Java, j2ee	
Databases &amp; tools	:	Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Pl-Sql developer, DBVisualizer
ORMs			:	Hibernate
Frameworks		:	Struts 1.x/2.0, Spring Framework.
Web Technology	:	html, xml, xslt, css
IDE			:	Eclipse, RAD, Netbeans
Source Control		:	CVS, VSS, SVN, SAVI, starteam
Application Servers	:	websphere, weblogic, tomcat, oracle 10g appserver
Server Side		:	jsp, servlet, JAX-WS Web services.
Reporting Tool		:	Jasper Reports, i-report
Scripting		:	Javascript

Awards and Achievements:

Recipient of 'WOW' Award at John Deere for excellence in the process improvement of the project.
Acquired 'Pat On the back' award for out active participation in organization level initiative in John Deere.
 I have taken initiative in document creation and management of the Projects documents for betterment of the project and audit purpose.
Bagged 1st rank in school and Broken the record of highest percentage and it is still a record in my school.

Strengths:

Self motivated professional with ability to motivate the Team.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills with excellent leadership qualities.
Ability to walk the extra mile to achieve Targets/ Goals.
'Out-Of-The-Box' &amp; Positive Thinker.
Professional Experience - Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. PUNE, INDIA
Nov 2009 - Aug 2011 
Team Lead

Project: Service ABS

It was a web application used by an insurance firm for providing multiple types of insurances to the customers. This application is used by various agents of the insurance company. It maintains data of various policy holders and also having provisions of update the data pertaining to the customer whenever required. This application provides the functionality of searching customers on the basis of different criteria and displays the records of the policy and options for renewing or cancelling the policy.

Technologies:  java, jsp, servlet, struts, spring, hibernate, jsf, DB2, weblogic, javascript, and css.

Role and Responsibilities - Team lead

Travelled onsite for requirement gathering and KT with the German Client.
Leading a Team and responsible for timely delivery of deliverables.
Ramping up the Team and organize KT sessions.
Designing, development and maintenance of insurance web application.
Interaction with the onsite coordinator and client on daily basis from offshore.
Requirement clarification and converting them to technical requirements. 
Coding of various modules and reviewing others' modules.
Preparing deliverables and taking care of deployment activities.
Status reporting of the project to the higher management

3) Oracle Financial Services Software Limited PUNE, INDIA
June 2007 - Nov 2009
Senior Software Engineer

Project: Oracle Flexcube Remit

I was working on an application called Flexcube Remit which provides a solution to transfer money from any country to any country in the world.

Technologies: java, jsp, servlet, struts, jdbc, xml, struts, oracle 10g,Tomcat, weblogic, Oracle 10g Appserver, css, javascript, JasperReports, i-report.

Roles and Responsibilities- senior java developer

Preparing prototype in the form of Web Pages with UI requirements.
Understanding the new requirements and updating the Business Functionalities in the Development.
Coding various modules and assisting in generation and sending module builds.
Assist in the identification, logging of application's issues/defects.
Interacting with the client and Highlight the issues that need more attention.
Coding of modules involving the xml message parsing.
Designing and Creation and modification of database matching the requirements.

4) CDAC R&amp;D, PUNE, INDIA
March 2006 - June 2007
Software Engineer
Project: Airmod Application

This application is used for entering various input parameters for AERMOD (Air Pollution Dispersion Model) used to calculate the pollution level generated by the several types of sources and to analyze effects in system. The parameters entered from the client side are processed on the server side with the help of servlet and the Input File (Specific format) for the model is generated by the servlet.

Technologies: java, jsp, servlet, Oracle 10g, Tomcat, Netbeans.

Roles and Responsibilities
Converting functional requirements to technical requirements.
Estimating the effort and time required for every module and coding and testing it.
Preparing Design specifications for the modules.
Coding of various modules and reviewing others' modules.
Preparing deliverables and sending builds for deployment of application.

 Education:
C-DAC (Post Graduate Diploma in Advanced computing) 
CDAC Pune INDIA 
2005 - 2006
Degree Bachelor's - B.Tech. (Bachelor's of Technology in I.T.)
U.P. Technical University Lucknow INDIA.
2001 - 2005

Languages:
English, German, Hindi



  
    budgets
  
  
    css
  
  
    Client
    client
  
  
    CVS
  
  
    Databases
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    English
  
  
    Estimating
  
  
    fetch
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    functional
  
  
    German
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    html
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    websphere
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    j2ee
  
  
    Java
    java
  
  
    jsp
  
  
    JavaScript
    Javascript
    javascript
  
  
    jdbc
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Team lead
  
  
    managing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    money
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Oracle
    oracle
  
  
    developer
  
  
    Pl-Sql
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Coding
    coding
    Programmer
  
  
    project development
  
  
    quality
  
  
    RAD
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Requirement
    requirement
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    servlet
  
  
    Scripting
  
  
    Struts 1.x
    struts
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Tomcat
    tomcat
  
  
    Web Pages
  
  
    Web Technology
  
  
    weblogic
  
  
    xml
  
  
    xslt
  


