
                                                                                                                        Date: 25/02/12

Dear Sir,                                                                                                                                            


I would like to introduce myself for the above said post.
I am extremely interested obtaining a position with your esteemed organization.                                                                                                                                                                                         
I have outlined some background information about myself below and attached a copy 
Of  my resume for your consideration.

As a Quality Executive, I am responsible for Quality. This experience has enhanced my ability to think and work productively under pressure.
I possess hard -working ethic in pursuit of excellence, superior organizational and team building talents, resulting in high goal attainment.

Detailed on my resume, you will find a solid background in quality I believe this background provides the necessary experience you require. I would welcome the opportunity to speak with you in person about my career possibilities with your organization.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,


Channabasava.patil.




















                                 Curriculum vitae
   
   ChannaBasava.patil
   #235, Aditya
   C.Q.A.L Layout
   Sahakar Nagar.
   Bangalore-92
   Mobile: 9901857324
   e-mail:channapatil@gmail.com


Objective: To achieve and excel in the field of industrial engineering, never to compromise on quality of work and always give my best shot at everything that comes in my way

Work Experience:

Organization:                  GO GO INTERNATIOAL   
Designation:                    March 2008 to June 2010			

Job Responsibility:              
 

New styles follow up

Samples follow up. attending the preproduction meeting

Pilot approval and size set follow up

A.Q.L follow up as per buyer requirement

Shade band follow up

Making in line inspection and final inspection

Report  generation

Controlling the end checkers and on line checkers and Quality controllers

Making in line inspection and final inspection and report generation

First piece of production comes I will see the styling construction and comments given in PPM


  















Organization:                      HPF (Unit of Gokaldas Exports)		                       
Designation:                        Quality controller 
Duration:                              June 2005 to Feb. 2008

Job Responsibility:
Individually handled the batch                
Maintaining the bundle discipline
Preparation for new style loading 
Taking care of Quality aspect of product
Attending the pre production meeting particular style loading for the batch 
While batch setting observe the particular operation 
If  the operator not proper doing operation means I will advice supervisor to correct the   operation
Training mid line checkers  for particular style loaded for the batch 
If  I found any difficulties in batch setting I will consult my senior for solution 
First piece of production comes I will see the styling  construction and comments given in PPM
  

  



Organization:                     Exports Garments
Designation:                       Quality controller
Duration:                             Feb 2004 to May 2005


 Job Responsibility:
Individually handled the batch                
Maintaining the bundle discipline
Preparation for new style loading 
Taking care of Quality aspect of product
Attending the pre production meeting particular style loading for the batch 
While batch setting observe the particular operation 
If  the operator not proper doing operation means I will advice supervisor to correct the   operation
Training mid line checkers  for particular style loaded for the batch 
If  I found any difficulties in batch setting I will consult my senior for solution 
First piece of production comes I will see the styling  construction and comments given in PPM
  







Technical Qualification:

DIPLOMA IN APPAREL MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY FROM ATDC

Educational Qualification: Pursuing B.B.A in ICFA University. 

Software Knowledge         : Operating systems MS-DOS, Windows 98, Excel, 


 Personal profile:

Father's Name                         :     Mallana Gouda. Patil

Date of Birth                           :     01/09/1981

Sex                                           :    Male

Languages Known                   :    English, Hindi, Kannada and Telugu

Marital Status                           :    married

Strengths                                  :    Punctual, Team player &amp; Self confidence.
                                                      Believe in hard working

Permanent Address                 :    Channabasava Patil
                                                      # 235, Aditya 
                                                      C.Q.A.L. Layout
                                                      Sahakar Nagar
                                                      BANGALORE-92  	


I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 25/02/12

Place: BANGALORE                                                                       (ChannaBasava. Patil)								
	
                     
                          



  
    C
  
  
    controller
  
  
    English
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Windows 98
  
  
    MS-DOS
  
  
    Operating systems
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    supervisor
  


