
Josephine Tijerina
238 Princeton Ave., Apt. 3
San Antonio, TX 78201-6813
Cell: 210-328-1233
Email: josephinetjrn@gmail.com

Objective: 
Seeking a medical front office administrative/medical coder position that utilizes my extensive computer and medical knowledge and experience with client/patient service. Possess the ability and eagerness to learn new tasks that will develop success for now and the future.

Qualifications Summary:
More than 6 years experience as a COBRA Administrator to a third- party Insurance carrier.  
Warm, outgoing personality and ability to interact effectively and in a supportive manner with 
    persons of all ages and backgrounds.
Excellent telephone skills and etiquette.
Strong work ethic.
Strong ability to work well under pressure and be accurate and efficient.
Data entry clerk in a healthcare setting. 
Proficient computer skills.
Knowledgeable in 2007-2010 Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word
Bilingual: English/Spanish

Education: 
San Antonio College - Medical Front Office/Coder- Medical Training: Human Relations, Medical Law, Ethics, Medical Terminology, Anatomy, Physiology, Health Insurance, and Medical Front Office Skills: ICD-9/CPT/HCPCS Coding. Computer Software: Medisoft, Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint.

St. Philip's College - Surgical Technician 

University of Texas at San Antonio - Pre-requisites for RN nursing courses.


Work Experience:
Dec. 1997- September 2010, FCE Benefit Administrators, San Antonio, TX 78218
                COBRA Administrator for 6 years:
Accepted calls from clients and visitors, directed all people to the appropriate locations and services in courteous, polite and helpful manner.
Respected and maintained privacy of agency clients, assuring client confidentiality at all times.
Provided efficient and professional telephone services. 
Other duties included: Registering clients according to agency protocols, determining the financial status of patients and their eligibility for hospital services, assisted patients in correctly completing appropriate forms, and documented all information according to hospital protocol.
Scheduled appointments for patients according to established procedures. 







Eligibility Specialist for 3 years:
Collected and posted fees according to protocol; prepared and balanced daily financial registers and submitted all forms and fees to the fiscal department, using Excel. 
Maintained and reported statistics as required. Maintained forms and office supplies required. 
Reconciled reports on Clients hourly time sheets on their Employee's records for Medical, Dental and Vision benefits. 
Mail Clerk for 2 years:
Received daily mail via USPS, UPS and Fed Ex.
Opened mail and distribute to the correct departments.
Sent out mail of EOB, to clients, patients and printing of checks and send to provider.

Data Entry Clerk, File Clerk and Customer Services for 2 years:
Daily responsibilities included assuring the readiness of the reception area, opening the building at the designated time and having all front desk services fully operational at the start of business hours. 

         Employment History:
         Texaco: San Antonio, TX 1995-1997 - Sales Clerk, Cashier, Stock Inventory
           Kettle Restaurant: San Antonio, TX 1993-1994- Hostess, Cashier
           Omni Hotel: San Antonio, TX - 1991-1992-Room Service Cashier, Hostess   
           Albertsons Bakery: San Antonio, TX 1980-1990-Cake Decorator

          References:
          Barbara Ogan 210-316-5132
          Stephanie Alviso 210-422-3511
          Mary Lou Hernandez 210-427-9156



  
    agency
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    CPT
  
  
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    English
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Front Office
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    Human Relations
  
  
    ICD-9
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Law
  
  
    Medical Terminology
  
  
    Medisoft
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    nursing
  
  
    POS
  
  
    Coding
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    reception
  
  
    San
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Vision
  


