
                               TIMOTHY A. WETZEL
                818 Dunbar Road Carlisle, PA 17013 866.637.4533 wetzelt@gmail.com

                                     NETWORK ENGINEER
    Solutions-oriented individual with notable success in the implementation of a broad range of
corporate IT initiatives while engaging in the planning and analysis of information solutions in direct
                                    support of business objectives.

     Track record of increasing responsibility in secure network design, systems analysis, and full
     lifecycle project development.
     Demonstrated capacity to execute innovative security initiatives that decrease exposure and
     strengthen network infrastructures while adhering to budgetary limitations.
     Experienced in actively participating in all stages of system development efforts, including
     requirements definition, design, architecture, testing, and support.
     Proven ability to manage multiple tasks effectively to achieve common objectives.
     Adept at developing effective security measures and project documentation.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Network &amp; Systems Security * Network &amp; System Administration * Networking &amp; Routing
Fundamentals * Systems Analysis &amp; Design * Threat Analysis * Risk Assessment &amp; Mitigation
* Regulatory Adherence * Software Engineering

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Platforms: UNIX (TRU64, HP-UX, AIX, Solaris), Microsoft Windows Systems, VMWare (2.5 &#173; 5.0),
Red Hat Enterprise Linux (4-6), Fedora Linux (1-16), openSUSE (9-12.1) Centos (4-6), Macintosh OS
8/9/10, Network Attached Storage OS.
Hardware: Dell PowerEdge, HP Proliant, IBM e/i/x Series, Cisco Switches and Routers, Enterprise
Storage Arrays, NAS and Security appliances, Nokia and Cisco Firewalls
Networking: TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, Security Protocols.
Languages: UNIX Shell Scripting, VB Scripting, Powershell Scripting, Visual C++, Visual Basic,
HTML 4-5, Classic ASP, Perl, Java.
Applications/Tools: Microsoft Windows Server Systems, Microsoft Office Suites, Microsoft Team
Foundation Server, Symantec &amp; CommVault Backup Suites, Solarwinds Network Management Suite,
ManageEngine Management Suites, Macromedia Coldfusion, StillSecure, ISS Proventia, Snort and
Retina Intrusion Detection Systems.

                                 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE






                                                                                             Page 1 of 6
                                TIMOTHY A. WETZEL
                818 Dunbar Road Carlisle, PA 17013 866.637.4533 wetzelt@gmail.com



                           Global Data Consultants Project Experience

 World Renown Manufacturing Company
Network Engineer
    Vmware virtualization and consolidation effort
        Served in a key role in the virtualization and consolidation of physical servers within the
        enterprise. The environment consisted of over 275 operational Wintel and Linux servers in an 8
        hosted ESX high availability cluster.
     Microsoft Windows 2008 R2 Active / Passive Project
        Created an enterprise Active / Passive Windows 2008 R2 Cluster for Microsoft SQL 2008
        Standard edition in order to replace an existing mirrored database instance of highly available
        Microsoft SQL databases.
     Enterprise Backup and ILM
        Actively participated in a Proof-of-Concept exercise between multiple vendors which lead to a
        final decision for the enterprise. Deeply involved with the overall design and deployment of the
        software installation and configuration.
     Enterprise Security Migration Initiative
        Sole contributor for the installation and migration effort with Trend Micro OfficeScan services.
        The migration effort resulted in better performance and stability in the enterprise.
     Team Foundation Server 2008
        Sole contributor for the installation, configuration, and deployment of Team Foundation Server
        2008 for the enterprise. This software efforts lead to the disposal of legacy applications and
        streamlined development for the organization.
     Global Telematics Project
        Key member of a global telematics project which encompassed three key components - Microsoft
        IIS, Microsoft SQL, and Microsoft .Net Frameworks.
     Disaster Recovery Initiative
        Performed a complete restoration of critical and non-critical servers for a Disaster Recovery
        exercise.
     Enterprise Distance Learning Project
        Successful deployment and administration of an enterprise distance learning platform
     F5 Application Accelerator Project
        Actively participated in a Proof-of-Concept exercise between multiple vendors which lead to a
        final decision for the enterprise. Deeply involved with the overall design and deployment of the
        software installation and configuration.
     Microsoft ADAM Project
        Sole contributor for the installation and configuration of Microsoft ADAM installation to assist in
        the hosted ITIL processes.
     Data Center Relocation Project
        Migrated all web facing applications from a Level 4 data center in Georgia to another facility
        located in Pennsylvania

 Regional Health Systems Provider
Microsoft Windows 2008 R2 Active / Passive Cluster Installation
Multi-Instance Microsoft SQL 2008 R2 Configuration
Provided technical assistance, consulting, and deployment assistance in the planning and
implementation of the Enterprise installation. Deployed multiple production instances of Microsoft
SQL 2008 R2 within the clustered environment which is slated to house 130 SQL databases to be
leveraged by Microsoft .Net application front ends. This effort was an integral part of a large scale
migration away from Oracle infrastructure.




                                                                                                 Page 2 of 6
                                TIMOTHY A. WETZEL
                818 Dunbar Road Carlisle, PA 17013 866.637.4533 wetzelt@gmail.com

 World Renown Financial Institution
Messaging Archival and Compliance Solution
Provided technical assistance, consulting, and deployment assistance in the planning and
implementation of their turnkey e-mail archiving and compliance appliance that interacts with
Novell Groupwise 7.0, Novell Netware, and their Vmware farm.

 Prestigious Education Institution
Security Assessment and Penetration Testing
Served as the team lead for conducting a risk assessment and vulnerability analysis of an educational
institution. The analysis was done on distinct areas outlined by the statement of work (SOW),
which included their wireless network, external network, internal network, and campus physical
locations.

 Regional Educational District
Digital Forensics Project
Served as the lead investigator for conducting digital and network forensics for an educational
institution. The investigation was done on distinct areas outlined by the statement of work (SOW),
which included a multi phrased approach to solidify continuing security and forensic services as well
as recommendations and auditing improvements for the school district.

 National Coaches Association
Online Security Assessment
Conducted online security and vulnerability assessment of their Microsoft .Net application leveraging
a multitude of different software applications to achieve the most accurate data.

System Services Integration Corporation, Harrisburg, PA
Consultant (July 2006 &#173; January 2008)
Recruited by the network security division of the organization to actively participate in numerous
verticals per the requirements mandated by military contracts.
Key Contributions:
 Strengthened remote access capabilities by architecting a pace-setting initiative to build a state-of-
the-art Citrix Application Framework which consisted of Citrix Secure Gateways, Citrix Web
Interfaces, Citrix Presentation Servers, Microsoft ISA Server 2006, and Proventia Intrusion
Prevention appliances in a multi-layered topology with failover redundancy.
 Served in a key role in the successful deployment and implementation of an Enterprise Content
Management platform which consisted of an integrated suite of content-focused modules.
 Instrumental in the deployment and implementation of proactive management of Cisco and
Microsoft Windows based devices by utilizing Solarwinds Network Management Suite.
 Constructed detailed documentation regarding network and server configurations which will result
in uniform deployments and will lead to configuration and change management.
 Assisted in the overall deployment of a SSL VPN solution for a military agency which leveraged
Junipers Instant Virtual Extranet (IVE) technology for teleworkers and selected/approved outside
contractors.
 Designed and Implemented an Enterprise Patch Management solution which consisted of multiple
internally synchronized Microsoft servers strategically located in 6 key areas throughout the United
States.

                                     SSIC Project Experience

 Federal Government Military Agency
Information Security Monitor
Centralized management of high availability application servers which govern the comprehensive
management and configuration of Checkpoint firewalls for 57 locations across the United States that


                                                                                             Page 3 of 6
                               TIMOTHY A. WETZEL
               818 Dunbar Road Carlisle, PA 17013 866.637.4533 wetzelt@gmail.com

consists of 130 offices worldwide. Formalize and construct detailed IT related implementation
documentation and deployment strategies for the agency as mandated by the overseeing Federal
agency.
Datacenter management in an environment consisting of a multitude of different server platforms
with servers located within a complex, multi-tiered Active Directory domain architecture.

Technisource, Mechanicsburg, PA
Network Engineer (April 2006 &#173; July 2006)
Recruited by the network integrations division of the organization to actively participate in
numerous verticals required by an array of diversified clientele.
Key Contributions:
 Member of the Systems Integration practice.
 Recognized for outstanding quality of customer service and received recommendations for hire from
numerous clients.
 Deep involvement in acquiring new and existing business development opportunities.

                                Technisource Project Experience

 State Government Administrative Agency
Microsoft SMS Administration
Responsible for the administration of Microsoft's System Management Server 2003 in an 80,000
client networked environment consisting of approximately 47 Primary SMS servers distributed over
47 sites for a large state agency initiative in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

 Prestigious Law Firm
Novell Groupwise to Microsoft Exchange 2003 Migration
Provided technical assistance, consulting, and hands-on assistance to plan and implement their
migration from Novell Groupwise to Microsoft Exchange 2003. Assisted in the development of
custom visual basic scripts adhere to corporate e-mail policies.

 Nationally Renowned Manufacturing Company
Network and LAN Administration
Responsible for the overall infrastructure management of their branch manufacturing plant located in
Bridgeton, New Jersey. Monitored network performance and related devices utilizing Solarwinds
Network Management Suite. Provided detailed documentation regarding the network topology and
server infrastructure. Assisted in and lead an Enterprise deployment of a Warehouse Management
Suite for a flagship branch of the company.

Dickinson College, Carlisle, PA
Systems Security Analyst (July 2000 &#173; April 2006)
Promoted to establish and manage enterprise information systems. Conduct
institution-wide efforts to identify and evaluate all critical business systems to safeguard against
network attacks. Perform and govern overall management of and security access to servers and VLAN
environment.
Key Contributions:
 Instrumental in the deployment and implementation of a campus password management system.
 Spearheaded a secure SSL based VPN solution for remote users of campus resources.
 Assisted in the overall design and deployment of multi layered Cisco based wireless solution.
 Successful migration from NT 4.0 to a Windows 2003 Active Directory infrastructure.
 Served in a key role of a pace-setting initiative to build a state-of-the-art Enterprise Resource
Planning system.
 Assisted in the planning, design, and deployment of cohabitating Windows Exchange 2003 and
Unix based mail systems with Active Directory and Blackberry integration.


                                                                                           Page 4 of 6
                               TIMOTHY A. WETZEL
                818 Dunbar Road Carlisle, PA 17013 866.637.4533 wetzelt@gmail.com

 Dickinson College, Carlisle, PA
Administrative Computing Specialist (1998 &#173; 2000)
Position requirements were reconstructed to fulfill additional network based responsibilities, while
continuing to produce customized software applications.
Key Contributions:
 Personally responsible for an innovative menu based reporting mechanism utilizing Datatel
software.
 Member of a core team which performed a successful conversion of data processing operations and
custom programming from Colleague R13 to R16.
 Aided in the migration from Novell 4.10 infrastructure to Microsoft Windows NT 4.0.
 Assisted the Network Manager in resolving daily LAN related issues.

Corporate Integration Solutions, Carlisle, PA
General Partner, Consultant (1997 &#173; 2001)
Key Contributions:
 Part of a two person team responsible for onsite system requirement analysis and deployment.
 Recognized by The Chronicle of Higher Education for creative website development.
 Initiate and create statements of work and various business proposals.
 Involved in new business development opportunities.

Dickinson College, Carlisle, PA
Administrative Software Technician (1995 &#173; 1998)
Hired to develop customized applications written in proprietary software languages which provided
reporting functionality for the administrative and academic campus community.
Key Contributions:
 Conducted software testing and analysis on multiple platforms.
 Appointed software liaison between PA Department of Education and Dickinson College.

Education and Credentials
Diploma &#173; COBOL Programming with PC Applications
Computer Learning Network, Camp Hill, PA
Coursework in Data Processing
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg, PA




                                                                                           Page 5 of 6
                              TIMOTHY A. WETZEL
               818 Dunbar Road Carlisle, PA 17013 866.637.4533 wetzelt@gmail.com

Professional Training and Certifications

SSE Plus &#173; Symantec Sales Expert Plus &#173; December 2, 2011
SSE &#173; Symantec Sales Expert &#173; December 1, 2011
BACP &#173; Backup Academy Certified Professional &#173; October 5, 2011
VTSP 5 &#173; VMware Technical Sales Professional &#173; September 22, 2011
VMware U.S Federal Specialization &#173; August 5, 2011
VMware Academic Specialization &#173; August 2, 2011
VSP 5 &#173; VMware Sales Professional &#173; August 2, 2011
VMware VCP &#173; Vmware Certified Professional &#173; July 26, 2011
KACE Certified Specialist &#173; March 28, 2011
Dell Certified Systems Specialist - February 21, 2011
Certified Ethical Hacker C|EH - February 9, 2011
VMware Desktop Virtualization Technical Sales Accreditation 4 &#173; December 2, 2010
VMware Desktop Virtualization Sales Accreditation 4 &#173; November 20, 2010
VMware Business Continuity Technical Sales Accreditation 4 &#173; November 24, 2010
VMware Business Continuity Sales Accreditation 4 &#173; November 22, 2010
VMware Infrastructure Virtualization Technical Post-Sales Accreditation: VI3 to vSphere 4 Upgrade
&#173; November 16, 2010
VMware Infrastructure Virtualization Technical Post-Sales Accreditation: Capacity Planner
Fundamentals &#173;November 11, 2010
VMware Infrastructure Virtualization Technical Post-Sales Accreditation: Assessment Fundamentals
&#173; November 11, 2010
vCA - VMware Competitive Accreditation &#173; October 20, 2010
VTSP 4 &#173; VMware Technical Sales Professional &#173; October 7, 2010
VMware Infrastructure Virtualization Technical Sales Accreditation 4 &#173; September 27, 2010
VSP 4 &#173; VMware Sales Professional &#173; September 21, 2010
Microsoft &#173; Installation and Administration of Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Symantec - Installation and Administering of Symantec Netbackup
IntelliMark &#173; Implementing and Managing Microsoft Exchange Server 2003
CompuMaster - Supporting, Troubleshooting, and Optimizing Windows NT

Professional Affiliations and Partnerships

Cisco Systems Registered Partner                    Microsoft Registered Partner
Dell Solution Provider                              Novell Authorized Partner
IBM Business Partner                                Solarwinds Business Partner
Intuit Business Partner                             Shavlik Solutions Partner
HP Business Development Partner                     Symantec Authorized Partner
Microsoft Authorized Software Advisor               Vmware Registered Partner

Member &#173; Central PA Infragard Chapter
Member &#173; CyberCop Situational Readiness Network
Member - Computer Security Institute

Professional Engagements

Global Data Consultants - Penetration Testing Methodologies (April 27, 2011)
Bindview - Managing Passwords: Policy, Procedure, and Profits Webinar (March 4, 2004)
Bindview - Customer Case Study &#173; Password Self Service (August 2003)




                                                                                        Page 6 of 6



  
    Microsoft .Net
  
  
    a Level 4
  
  
    Academic
    academic
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    Administrative
    administrative
  
  
    AIX
  
  
    antivirus
  
  
    approach
  
  
    art
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    Agency
    agency
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    Backup
  
  
    business development
  
  
    business management
  
  
    business systems
  
  
    C
  
  
    change management
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    COBOL Programming
  
  
    Coldfusion
  
  
    Competitive
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    Concept
  
  
    consultant
    consulting
  
  
    content
    Content
Management
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    clientele
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Data Processing
    data processing
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    DHCP
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    electronic mail
    e-mail
  
  
    Enterprise Resource
Planning
  
  
    Extranet
  
  
    Firewalls
    firewalls
  
  
    Gateways
  
  
    Government
  
  
    Novell Groupwise 7.0
    Novell Groupwise
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HP-UX
  
  
    HTML 4
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IDS
  
  
    information security
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    Microsoft
        IIS
  
  
    IPX/SPX
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    Java
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Languages
    languages
  
  
    team lead
  
  
    Law
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Macintosh OS
  
  
    Macromedia
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Messaging
  
  
    access
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Microsoft Exchange 2003
  
  
    Microsoft Exchange Server
  
  
    Microsoft ISA Server
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suites
  
  
    Wintel
    Microsoft Windows
    Windows
  
  
    Windows NT
  
  
    Microsoft Windows NT 4.0
    NT 4.0
  
  
    Migration
    migration
  
  
    NAS
    Network Attached Storage
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    Network Management
  
  
    network security
  
  
    Network
    network
    Networking
  
  
    new business development
  
  
    Novell 4.10
  
  
    Novell Netware
  
  
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    policies
  
  
    PowerEdge
  
  
    processes
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Proliant
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    Protocols
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Red Hat
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    risk assessment
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    server consolidation
  
  
    Servers
    servers
  
  
    scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    SMS
    Microsoft SMS
  
  
    software installation
  
  
    software testing
  
  
    Solaris
  
  
    Microsoft SQL
    SQL
    Microsoft
SQL
  
  
    SSL
  
  
    Cisco Switches
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    Systems Integration
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Technical Sales
  
  
    technical assistance
  
  
    Trend
  
  
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    UNIX Shell Scripting
  
  
    Upgrade
  
  
    VB Scripting
  
  
    Netbackup
  
  
    Visual Basic
    visual basic
  
  
    Visual C++
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    website development
  
  
    written
  


