
Addison Xiang Wang | 315-751-9860 | xwang52@syr.edu | 220 Bassett St., Syracuse, NY 13210


Addison Xiang Wang | 315-751-9860 | xwang52@syr.edu | 220 Bassett St., Syracuse, NY 13210


Skills and Competencies
Network: TCP/IP, HSRP, NAT, IPv6, VLAN, IPSec, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, VoIP, GRE, vSphere, ESXi
Methodologies: Agile, SDLC, CMMI, CMM-IPD (Integrated Product Development) 
Languages/IDE: Java/Python/C/Assembly/SQL/JavaScripts; Eclipse, WingIDE, Labwindows/CVI
Testing tools: JMeter, SilkTest, IBM Rational Functional Tester
Database: MySQL, Sybase, DB2, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access
OS and Office: Windows, Linux, UNIX; MS Excel, PowerPoint, Visio
Others: Bugzilla, SVN, JIRA, Request Tracker; Bilingual in English and Mandarin

Experience
Intern, TeleNav (Sunnyvale, CA), Engineering Dept., May 2011 - August 2011                                    
Analyzed root causes for project delay, and streamlined organizational release process
Documented function specifications, release forms, and test plans for 20+ components
Trained project managers, functional managers, and engineers on advanced JIRA features
Deployed and troubleshot 20+ web applications on 20+ Linux machines

Project Manager &amp; Software Engineer, TeleNav (China), R&amp;D Dept., July 2008 - August 2010                                           
Managed five mobile application development projects simultaneously using Agile methodology
Developed project management tools to track and predict project performance
Maintained client-server in Java and browser server in JSP
Developed load testing strategies and frameworks, and regression testing framework 

Automation Engineer (Java), Huawei (China), Wireless Operation &amp; Maintenance Dept., January 2007 - March 2008                                                                                                                                                                   
Developed automatic testing tools for Element Management System using IBM Functional Tester
[Product Modules: Fault/Performance/Configuration/Security/Accounting Management]
Collected and traced automation requirements, designed and implemented tools, and supported  tool usage  
Maintained Python-based simulated network elements

Lead Test Engineer, Flextronics Technology (China), Engineering Dept., July 2004 - August 2006                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Managed a team of eight engineers for in-circuit testing, function testing, and stress testing of electronics products
Troubleshoot failures in test equipment related to Optic, DSn, T1, POTS, DSL, Ethernet, and others
Set up experiments to isolate component level failures such as excessive PLL jitter and optical receiver overload
Coordinated with clients on new product introductions, technical issue discussions, and project status reports

Education
M.S. Telecommunication and Network Management, Syracuse University, May 2012                                                                                      
GPA: 3.93/4, Research assistantship, Program Assistantship, Faculty Assistantship
Relevant Coursework: Mobile Application Development (Android); Enterprise Network Management I, II, III; Emerging Wireless Technologies; Managing IT project; Advanced project management; Database Design and Management
B.S. Electronic and Informational Science and Technology, Nanjing University of Post &amp; Telecom, China, June 2004
GPA: 3.4/4, No.1 in Class, National Fellowship, Motorola Scholarship, and others

Certification
Project Management Professional (PMP), License #1482464, January 2012 to January 2015 


Recommendations for Xiang
From Steve Sando, Associate Director Engineering, TeleNav US, managed Xiang indirectly for Project Management Intern
"If you sum up your working experience with Xiang with a string of adjectives it would be: professional, complete, intelligent, trustworthy, attentive, and follow through. She would go above and beyond her duties and provide me with thorough analyses with recommendations. Compared to normal expectations from interns, she was over the top. I hope to work with her again."     
From Jie Kang, Sr. Manager, Engineering, TeleNav US, managed Xiang directly for Project Management Intern
Dear Sir or Madam:
My name is Jie Kang. I held a Ph.D. from Stanford University and am currently working as the QA Manager at TeleNav, a global leader in location-based services. Xiang Wang worked under my supervision as a SDLC Project Management Intern this summer. 
As an intern, Xiang was responsible for the weekly release of a family of critical components called CServers. For every release there were about 40 QA engineers involved testing hundreds of changes. Xiang managed the entire process, assigning changes to different QA, deploying the components, following up on test execution, communicating to developers to get issues resolved, and preparing release documentation. Incredible amount of work and thought went into the process, in which she demonstrated unusual sophistication in handling complexity at her age.
Xiang is a relentless pursuer of process improvement. She frequently came to me with new ideas to streamline the release workflow and to reduce the work load of the QA team. For example, she convinced the entire cross-functional team to abandon the home-grown system and adopt the open source tool - JIRA to manage the release process. She also helped bring order to the chaotic process by defining product entrance criteria to QA, forcing the development team to improve the quality of the delivery and avoid waste of QA effort. As the result of her work, we were able to reduce test effort by 20% and consistently hit the release schedule. 
Xiang is a quick learner. She had a solid grasp of technology, always asked the right questions, and got to know our backend system architecture within a short time. She is exceptionally reliable. Xiang had never missed any deadlines and was willing to work extra hours to get things done. The quality of work was amazing. Although deploying 40+ builds to 20+ servers on a weekly basis presents substantial chance for error, Xiang demonstrated exceptional focus and was able to navigate through the complexity with ease and zero error.
Excellence is the word that I would like to use to sum up Xiang as an individual. I fully believe that her past excellence is a sure indicator of her future success, and I have no doubt that she will shine in your esteemed organization. I recommend her without reservation.
Sincerely yours,
Jie Kang
Manager, QA Department
TeleNav
1130 Kifer Road
Sunnyvale, CA 94086, USA
408-910-5415
jkang@telenav.com  




  
    Accounting
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    Application Development
    application development
  
  
    Assembly
  
  
    automation
  
  
    C
  
  
    CMM
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    client-server
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Database Design and Management
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Product Development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    EIGRP
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    English
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    features
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScripts
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Mandarin
  
  
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    word
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network Management I
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    OS
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    OSPF
  
  
    predict
  
  
    process improvement
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    Python
  
  
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    quick learner
  
  
    RIP
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    servers
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Microsoft SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    system architecture
  
  
    T1
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    test equipment
  
  
    Troubleshoot
  
  
    unique
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    Wang
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    workflow
  


