
Tattwamasi Tripathy
              t.tattwamasi@gmail.com
                                                                    
						
      

OBJECTIVE:

Seeking an entry level developer opportunity in an organization, which provides me good exposure to the cutting edge technology and hence to participate and contribute to the development of a quality software product.

CARRIER EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

Current G.P.A 3.7.
Presently working on Agent based modeling and simulation project using C#.
Sound knowledge in Telecom and Healthcare domain.
Hands on experience in Cramer 4, Cramer 5 and Cramer 6.
Well acquainted with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) of application.
Well versed with Testing Concepts and Methodologies.
Involved in Requirement analysis, deriving the test scenarios, designing the test cases and preparing Trace-ability matrix.
Well acquainted with Impact Analysis and Root Cause Analysis for those defects identified and fixed. 
Hands on experience in both Windows/ Desktop and Web based applications &amp; Experience in Test Environment setup.
Participated in Defect Management and Bug Reporting.


EMPLOYMENT DETAILS:

 

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND: 

MS in Computer Science in Bowie State University Fall 2012(Expected).
B.S in Computer Science from Utkal University with First Division in the year of 2006.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Program Language	C++, C# ,ASP.Net	

Tools 	MATLAB, Cramer 4/6,CVS	

Database 	 MS- Access, MYSQL, Oracle 9i/11g.MS SQL Server 	

Operating System	Windows and UNIX. 	





PROJECTS DETAILS:


PROJECT #1	

Title	HIPPA Compliant Data De-Identification Enforcing BSU eHealth Student Data System	

Software 	PHP, MySQL, Oracle 11g Programming	

Duration	Sept 2011 to Dec 2011	

 
  Description:

The project implements an E-student Health Records System for Bowie State University. In this system we implemented an electronic version of the current Bowie State University Henry Wiseman Health Clinic data capture system. The goal is to provide an online system used by students and school officials to store and retrieve student health data. The system keeps in compliance with HIPAA Privacy laws that govern how electronic health records are transacted. 

Responsibilities:

Develop the backend of the project using MySQL.
Design, Presentation, Documentation for the project
Literature review of different Healthcare related papers.


PROJECT #2	

Title	RULE BASED RAIN FALL MONITERING SYSTEM	

Software 	MATLAB,C#,MS ACCESS,CART	

Duration	June 2011 to August 2011	

 
  Description:

The main goal of this project is designing a monitoring system to predict the level of Total rainfall rate by yearly, monthly, hourly basis of Washington D.C weather data. Here the Signal Processing and machine learning methodologies can be combined together to generate a set of rules using only significant variable. In Signal Processing the data has to go through Sampling, Moving average window, Discrete Wavelet Transformation to get an accurate result.

Responsibilities:

Develop and Test the entire application under the Supervision of Professor.
Literature review of different Weather Prediction technique.



PROJECT #3	

Title	KPN NIMTAM	

Client	KPN Nederland	

Environment	Web logic server, Oracle 10g, Eclipse, Windows XP, Unix	

Tool	Manual Testing , Cramer 4 ,Cramer 5 , Cramer 6	

Duration	Sept 2006 to Sept. 2009	


 Description

KPN International (http://www.kpn.com) is key player in European telecom industry. KPN offers mobile services, VoIP, triple place, fixed line, IP and data services to its corporate customers, internet service providers and carriers with intelligent network solutions. The foundation for those solutions is the international KPN fiber-optic network, which spans 22 European countries, plus worldwide connections. KPN is the first company to introduce 3G technology in Europe.

       NIMTAM (Network Information Manager - Telecom Applications Map) provides a common framework for network administration, service, network provisioning and support of service, network planning and development. Using this framework, the telecommunication network and the tools used to manage the network can be separated. Cramer tool configures the network as per the requirement. Cramer tool has modules like Task engine, Route finder and Sync engine.

Responsibilities
Understanding the requirements and preparing test coverage.
Prepared the test scenarios from the Functional specs and reviewed them with Test Lead.
Designed the test cases from the test scenario and SRS.
Done end to end system testing for application.
Enhanced the test cases based on the requirement changes and maintained the trace-ability matrix. 
Documenting the test results in the test cases template &amp; bug reporting.
Reporting the bugs with accurate severity.
Verifying the bugs that have been fixed.
Involved in build testing.
Deployment of code in Test environment as per the release note.
Involved in Release to UAT and Release to Production activity.
Analyzing and investigating defects and providing appropriate solution in the form of workaround.
Interacted with the client for the clarification during the test design &amp; execution
Participated the functional training session conducted by the developer and own the features based on the assignments by the test lead.
Shared the functional knowledge to the team and prepare the issue list from the team and send them for clarification to Dev team.




PUBLICATION:

Sharma, S., Otunba,S.,and Ogunlana, K. , Tripathy, T., "Intelligent Agents in a Goal Finding Application for Homeland Security", Proceedings of IEEE, SoutheastCon 2012, Orlando, Florida, USA, March 14-17, 2012

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Quick learner and a critical thinker, with good research abilities.
Strong Programming and problem analysis skills.
Well developed interpersonal and communication skills.


ACHIEVEMENT:

Award of Quality Delivery for 2008-2009.
Winner of the year 2008 for maximum number of bugs finding  

      					
								















  
    ASP.Net
  
  
    3G
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    com
  
  
    client
  
  
    CVS
  
  
    Database
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Documentation
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    features
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    http
  
  
    intelligent network
  
  
    IP
  
  
    MATLAB
  
  
    MS ACCESS
    MS- Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Windows
    window
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MYSQL
    MySQL
  
  
    network administration
  
  
    network
  
  
    Operating System
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle
  
  
    developer
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    predict
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    MS SQL Server
  
  
    Supervision
  
  
    Telecom
    telecom
    telecommunication
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    Web logic
  


