
Todd Binning    Page 2




Todd Binning	
Telephone: 778-708-8603     Email: tbbin@msn.com
102-917- 18th Ave. S.W., Calgary, Alberta.  T2T-OH2


Profile

A self motivated and resourceful Senior Sales Professional with a proven record of achievement in New Business Development, Consultative Sales, Account Management and Customer Relations. Actively seeks out new opportunities to diversify revenue streams and leverage existing accounts. Combines a strong work ethic and a results-driven nature with the ability to quickly build credibility and rapport. Highly effective in building consensus, negotiating contracts and in creating a positive corporate image. Builds long-term business relationships based on integrity and accountability.
Key Strengths
Business Development and Account Management - Builds and maintains effective relationships at all levels of the corporate structure. Demonstrates strong customer follow-up and is dedicated and tenacious in service delivery and maintenance of the customer base. Skillfully leads the consultative sales process and is effective in negotiating contracts and closing sales as a Top Sales Performer.
Communication, Presentation and Listening Skills - Brings a solid background of sales and service delivery and applies active listening skills to identify customer-specific needs. Contributes the capacity, drive and flexibility to respond to the changing needs of the marketplace and to competitive conditions. Delivers confident, informed presentations based on knowledge and experience.
Time, Priority and Detail Management - Effectively prioritizes and multi-tasks responsibilities with keen attention to detail. Works well both independently and as a team member. Quickly assimilates and applies new information to identify and capitalize on new business opportunities. Actively seeks out new ideas to manage change and remains motivated and on-track to exceed expectations.


Professional Experience

Continental Business Systems, Calgary, AB	2002-2003
Sales Manager. Arranged a one year leave from Specialty Technical Publishers in order to assist a relative in establishing a business to promote and sell photocopiers, fax machines and point of sale systems and equipment. Responsible for setting up the showroom and managing the daily office activities as well as outside sales and promotion of office equipment.
Targeted key decision-makers to market product lines with long-term solutions, delivered informed presentation, gained commitment and consistently negotiated to closure
Utilized strong networking skills to source and acquire new business bringing in-depth experience in all aspects of business growth from promotions' planning to customer relationship management
Facilitated positive customer relations through value-added service, education and initiatives to meet customer-specific needs and preferences

Videos 4 Singles Inc., Calgary, AB	1993-1998
Sales Manager. Developed marketing strategies for the promotion and sale of memberships in an executive introduction service for single professionals. Responsible for one-on-one interviews with potential club members to ensure the high standards of the Club was maintained. 
Conducted video tape interviews with new members to provide an introductory service to facilitate meeting other members and establishing relationships
Hired and supervised telemarketing staff and managed the day-to-day operation of the office

Hertz Rentals and Leasing, Calgary AB	1990-1993
Sales Representative. Responsible for the rental and leasing of trucks for the Hertz Truck Division in the Calgary region.


Education

General Studies - Business Administration, Mathematics and English, Mount Royal College, Calgary, AB, 1981.
Professional Development - Ongoing in-house training regarding laws and regulations, compliance, auditing programs and management training; complex processes for various fields including ISO certification or determining OSHA requirements, improving overall efficiency and safety.
Computer Skills - Microsoft Word, Excel and Office Outlook.


Other Interests

Leisure time includes a strong interest in science and nature studies, golf, gourmet cooking and most outdoor activities.



References Available On Request
 












  
    auditing
  
  
    Business Management
  
  
    closing
  
  
    customer relationship management
  
  
    clients
    customer relations
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    fax machines
  
  
    law
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    network
    networking
  
  
    office equipment
  
  
    outside sales
  
  
    photocopiers
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    publications
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    video
  
  
    written
  


