
[Type text]	[Type text]	[Type text]


EARL W. (Billy) COLE III
2574 Windwood Court	       	Atlanta, Georgia 30360
(678) 913-8956 (C)
Email: ewciii@aol.com

QUALIFICATION SUMMARY

Proven creative art director with significant and increasing experience and responsibility in advertising and publishing and in translating marketing objectives into creative strategies, designs, layout, plans and deliverable products. Resourceful and dependable professional who applies innovative and creative skills to achieve department goals and objectives. High energy achiever with a "can do" attitude and solid record of success in meeting high pressure production deadlines and schedules, customer needs, and solving both department and domestic and international technical issues.  Proven abilities include: 

Layout &amp; Design/Web Creativity	Multimedia &amp; Print Production Skilled	Quality Assurance and Control	

Web &amp; Graphic Design Procedures	Supervision &amp; Staff Training	Flash, Photographer &amp; 3D Print	

  Team Leader Major Accounts	Technical Graphic Proficiency	Quality Assurance &amp; Reproduction	

Multitask Oriented 	Customer Service &amp; Satisfaction	Creative Product Development 	

International Testing Standards	Manufacturing Processes (US &amp; China)	Self-Starter and Startup Operations	



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

WHITMAN PUBLISHING, Atlanta, GA (an Agency organization)			        2006 - 2011
Private book publishing company (Sports, Children, Entertainment, and Numismatic Publications) and marketer of the company's books and accessories nationwide to major hobby distributors, dealers and national accounts.

Art/Creative Director
Reporting to the publisher, president and VP of sales; responsible for translating marketing objectives into creative strategies, designs, and plans and managed, mentored and trained a team of technically skilled professionals in graphic design, website development, collateral development, copywriting, advertising and promotions. Key responsibilities and assignments included:
Develop and implement comprehensive and aligned creative marketing plans.
Establish, develop and maintain creative, conceptual and writing standards.
Manage the creation of marketing collateral, advertisements and promotions.
Set design parameters and stylistic guidelines consistent with our brand.
Ensure quality creative/editorial content is delivered on time and on budget.
Execute integrated online/offline, search engine marketing, advertising, public relations, tradeshows and other campaigns to generate demand &amp; sales leads.
Experience leading strategic brainstorming sessions, campaign development, creative brief development and directing creative execution.
Develop a strategic decision-making &amp; governance process.
Ability to think creatively within deadlines &amp; pay acute attention to detail.
Communicate with different business lines within the company (Anderson Merchandisers, Books-A-Million, Anderson Press, Burnes Home Accents, Dalmatian Press, Anderson Media, and ANCO China)
Maintain knowledge of creative marketing trends and best practices.
Design and produce a broad array of marketing assets for Whitman partners throughout Sam's Club, Wal-Mart, etc. to promote and launch new product releases through books, retail packaging, print marketing collateral, web sites, video trailers, and merchandise, including plush toys and other promotional swag.
Design &amp; implementation of web graphics, banner advertisements and additional web campaigns, from storyboards to final completion. 
Design and development of flash based animations, from storyboards to final completion.
License, select and manage outside vendors to help produce required assets, including print shops, production companies, toy factories, etc. Provide art direction as needed to maintain quality.
Manage the overall project pipeline, communicating its status internally on a regular basis, while retaining flexibility to assist with special projects as needed.
Maintain consistently high graphic standards and proactively learn new techniques and trends in graphic arts and disseminate such information to creative team.
Communicate and coordinate with ANCO China Limited on a daily basis and work with art teams and other teams in Hong Kong and China as needed.
Directed Hong Kong/China technical staff and offshore staff, responsible for sampling and product fitting, factory evaluation and compliance, product development, manufacturing, production control, appropriate testing processes, and quality assurance.

GWINNETT LIFESTYLES MAGAZINE, Dacula, GA					       2003- 2006
A Lifestyles Publication in the Gwinnett area.

Owner, Publisher and Graphic Artist
Created and managed local community publication from startup operations through marketing, sales, accounting, production, design and layout to circulation and delivery

GWINNETT DAILY POST, Lawrenceville, GA						       2002 -2003
Large newspaper publisher in the North Georgia providing news, information and advertising needs.

Sr. Graphic Artist     
Design, correct, and process for output quality, creative ads for a variety of existing newspaper, commercial printing, and online advertising clients including creating formal ad campaign presentations.
Coordinate with ad services, pre-press, systems and other departments to maintain communication and quality output and Design and produce high quality, creative spec ads as sales support materials.
Interact with sales representatives and customers to identify and meet customer design needs and wants.
Creative lead for department that provides assistance and conceptual ideas for artists.
Create and build display advertisements and PDFs for website display ads. 
Provide computer support to sales reps and troubleshooter &amp; problem fixer for Mac operating systems 
Assist customer services interact with Spanish speaking customers. 

MONTGOMERY ADVERTISER, Montgomery, AL (Gannett Corp. organization)		        1995 - 2002
Central Alabama's largest newspaper publisher providing news, information and advertising needs.

Graphic Artist III	2000 - 2002
Advertising Production Editor/ Supervisor	1997 - 2000
Graphic Artist II / Prepress Production	1996 - 1997
Graphic Artist I	1995 - 1996

EDUCATION

BFA, Graphic Design / Communication 1998
Auburn University at Montgomery; Montgomery, AL

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Extensive experience with both Macintosh and IBM operating systems and network environments.
Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite 5 (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat) Quark Xpress 8 and MS Office Suite.
Multimedia developer using HTML &amp; CSS web page design software (e.g. Dreamweaver CS5), online image presentation, and online animation software (e.g. Flash, Fireworks CS5 &amp; Macromedia Director)
Bilingual Spanish.

HONORS AND AWARDS

ADDY Award for Four Color Ad Presentation 1998, 1999; presented by the Montgomery Advertising Federation
First Place, 1996 Auburn University, Montgomery Video Animation Day for Cartoon Character.  Judged by Linda Simensky, Director of Programming for the Cartoon Network.









Earl W. Cole III
Page 2






  
    accounting
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Acrobat
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    ad
    advertisements
    ads
    advertising
  
  
    animation
  
  
    art
  
  
    art direction
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    book
  
  
    budget
  
  
    content
  
  
    copywriting
  
  
    Council
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer services
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    product development
  
  
    directing
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    editorial
    edit
  
  
    Fireworks
  
  
    Flash
    flash
  
  
    government
  
  
    graphic arts
    graphic design
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    image
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Mac
    Macintosh
  
  
    Macromedia Director
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing collateral
  
  
    materials
  
  
    MS Office Suite
  
  
    publisher
  
  
    Multimedia
  
  
    network
  
  
    Newspaper
    newspaper
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    developer
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    pre-press
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Press
  
  
    processes
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    Publications
    Publication
    publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    Quark Xpress 8
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    sales support
  
  
    Set design
  
  
    Spanish speaking
    Bilingual Spanish
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    translating
  
  
    Type
  
  
    video
  
  
    web graphics
  
  
    website
    web page design
    website development
    web sites
  


