
ERICA THORESON

2281 S Humboldt St *  Denver, CO 80210 * 303.522.5139 * ericathoreson@gmail.com

Clinical Informatics Epic Credentialed Principal Trainer and Product Specialist, Corporate Training Developer, and Training Coordinator seeks contract travel or relocation position to facilitate clinician end-user training, project management, and EMR implementation development. Epic Clin Doc Certification in progress.

Regional Product Specialist Credentialed in Epic ClinDoc, CPOE, ADT, and Orders. Rover, Remote Specimen Collection, BCMA, and Worklist development and training experience. Expert at end user training and support, curriculum workflow development, determining and planning end-user success, and maintaining calm demeanor in demanding environments. Welcome traveling contractor, international travel, and healthcare product specialist positions. 

8 years of experience in Epic Clinical and Meditech Client Server Systems Implementation
7 Remote site facility go-live coordination and support
Extensive nationwide travel for Epic go-live support and Inpatient training
CPOE, Rover, Worklist, and BCMA Go-Live Experience
15 go-lives for EMR implementation at healthcare facilities
8 years Training Coordination, Scheduling, and Management
Consultant and Project Manager for EMR Implementation
Storyboard 25 eLearning Epic Modules
Adept at Change Management, Adult Education, and Public Presentations
Curriculum development, Training Environment, Master Patient Creator, Technical Writer, and Editor
Stat UMT Trainer and LEAN Consultant for Performance Improvement in Nursing
12 years of Healthcare Experience
Customer Service Oriented with a calm demeanor and success focus


Healthcare Information Systems Training Professional with a proven record of success in administration in a variety of remote healthcare environments. Expertise includes training project coordination and management, software analysis and clinician end-user training, admissions management expertise, bed control, scheduling, staffing, excellent customer service and PR to patients and clinicians, and recruitment, development and retention of healthcare professionals. Possess excellent command of medical terminology/lexicon gained from degree study and over 12 years in healthcare field. Proven ability to build long-lasting, mutually respectful relationships with providers and patients, resulting in free-flowing communications and ability to tactfully educate and inform. Technically adept using Epic, Meditech, IDX, Heat, UMT, MS Access, PowerPoint, MS Office Suite, Sharepoint. Thorough knowledge base of HIPAA, EMTALA regulations, CPT, and ICD10 codes. Excel at handling high pressure or fast paced environments. Strong skill as a team builder and collaborator.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SCLHS EXEMPLA LUTHERAN MEDICAL CENTER , Wheatridge, CO                              2/2009- 2/2011 (PROMOTED)
Educator- Informatics Systems
Epic Credentialed Clinical Informatics specialist providing computer based application education and staff development functions such as planning and implementing clinical functionality orientation, end-user floor support, end-user in-service education, application and new release testing and development. Assists with developing competency tools and materials for current and new applications. Maintains active communication amongst IST team, clinical staff, interdepartmental staff and organization. 

Primary Physician and Nursing Educator for CPOE Implementation, inpatient clinician teacher of all units and specialties, public speaker, 24/7 oncall support using HEAT ticket system, curriculum development, online module development, using powerpoint, excel, and word systems. Working closely with top administration CNO and CIO to facilitate excellent CI services to inpatient staff. 

Worked closely with Performance Improvement and LEAN coordinator in Nursing Services, Stat UMT technical consultant and trainer, gathering nurse workflow statistics and improving Direct Patient Care rates on the units. 


Epic Credentialed Clinical Informatics specialist providing computer based application education and staff development functions such as planning and implementing clinical functionality orientation, end-user floor support, end-user in-service education, application and new release testing and development. Assists with developing competency tools and materials for current and new applications. Maintains active communication amongst IST team, clinical staff, interdepartmental staff and organization. 

Primary Physician and Nursing Educator for CPOE Implementation, inpatient clinician teacher of all units and specialties, public speaker, 24/7 oncall support using HEAT ticket system, curriculum development, online module development, using powerpoint, excel, and word systems. Working closely with top administration CNO and CIO to facilitate excellent CI services to inpatient staff. 

Worked closely with Performance Improvement and LEAN coordinator in Nursing Services, Stat UMT technical consultant and trainer, gathering nurse workflow statistics and improving Direct Patient Care rates on the units. 


KAISER PERMENENTE , Denver, CO                                                                                                                         11/2008 - 2/2009
Contracted Consultant Training Coordinator, Membership Administration Optimization
Brought on to redevelop customer service training documentation and development as Kaiser Customer Service Center in Ft Worth, TX is moved to Denver, CO. High travel and remote work involving interpreting workflow, rewriting and formatting multiple system training manuals. Extensive remote group meetings to plan large-scale training run-up in Denver, extensive project coordination efforts requiring strong collaboration skills, strong writing skills, strong group training background, and discipline to travel and work independently. 

EXEMPLA ST JOSEPH HOSPITAL, Denver, CO                                                                             10/2008 - 9/2009
Contracted Consultant Clinical Informatics Training Manager
Serving PRN in using Meditech Client Server, Picis, and PulseCheck systems to maintain patient flow and best care practices within a large inner-city hospital.  Systems training and coordination of nurse staffing and bed management on patient units. Meeting with nursing management to facilitate optimal patient flow from intake to discharge, and ensuring best care practices by advising on sufficient nurse staffing to accommodate patient influx. Clinician end-user training on multi-facility Exempla Epic system implementation, planning training and consulting on project management and training documentation. 


CENTURA HEALTH                                                                                                                                                            1/2007 - 1/2008
Highly-valued Contracted Consultant selected to complete training Meditech PCS inpatient implementation projects throughout the state. 
ST.  MARY CORWIN HOSPITAL, Pueblo, CO                                                                               
Meditech PCS Trainer
Relocated to Pueblo, CO for six-week conversion prior to go-live. Trained hundreds of Nurses, CNA's, Unit Clerks and new hires on Meditech PCS system in four hour sessions for up to 12 hours per day. Applied adult learning techniques and classroom management methodologies. Emphasized adherence to HIPAA regulations. Coordinated Training Assistant (TA) assignments, ran post-session scripts and prepared schedules that minimized overtime pay. Followed up training by providing on-the-spot, roaming advice. 
Demonstrated excellent communication and presentation skills, skillfully presenting complex clinical information to students and trainers. Possess exceptional public speaking skills using PowerPoint, projector, and microphone.
Initiated aiding physician trainers and Emergency Department module training due to comprehensive knowledge of additional Meditech modalities. 
Noted for amiable, refined, and patient style of instruction, resulting in becoming a highly sought out instructor.

ST.  ANTHONY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, Denver, CO                                                                             
Meditech PCS Training Manager
Hired, scheduled and directed 8 RN trainers and 15 TA's to perform PCS Meditech training. Recruited employees to training teams. Reported directly to executive (CNO/VP) level to ensure successful implementation of converted system. Accountable for management, including budget, cost controls, dispute resolution, and delegation. Contributed to classroom training through computer troubleshooting and direct training. Recruited and directed administrative assistant. Balanced conflicting training space demands.  
Highly responsible and relied-upon manager - served on-call for 16 hours every day.  
"Erica very successfully and expeditiously developed a team of trainers that were seasoned and experienced.  did a great job of meeting the student's needs including.  providing extra classes that were above and beyond normal business hours."				 - Noreen Bernard, R.N., Director of Clinical Education

PORTER ADVENTIST HOSPITAL, Denver, CO                                                                                     
Meditech Nursing IT Trainer
Trained ICU, MedSurg, and Psych RN's on Meditech PCS software, performing seven classes a week, four hours per class. Scheduled six trainers and 40 TA RN's in order to fully staff all classes. Adeptly translated IT information into relevant medical examples for RN's. Kept close track of complex database information. 
Possess strong ties and solid relationships within nursing community, resulting in attracting a following of former co-workers to new employment.  
"Erica consistently stepped up to take on additional assignments.  is very intelligent... very diplomatic in dealing with a variety of personalities in a stressful environment." 		-Sheila Hansen, I.T. Director


UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO HOSPITAL, Denver, CO                                                                            10/02-10/06   
Lead Access Center Specialist
Supervised, trained, and scheduled staff of 12 for a 365/24/7 hospital call center using Meditech Magic system. Interacted extensively with public and medical personnel to convey complex information and handle confidential information. Displayed strong work ethic; averaging 55-60 hours per week for four years, including evening and weekend on-call. Served as Certified Colorado Notary Public. Served as Staff Trainer/ Presenter of acute patient transfer processes/ regulations to health care staff. Built strong relationships with attending physicians, nurses, and house managers. Attended vendor/director meetings as sole replacement for supervisor. Served as primary communicator with House Manager RN on case details. 
Received rating of "Exceeds Expectations" on all annual reviews. 
Saved approximately $30,000/cost of one part-time employee by creatively working within existing employee pool to staff center. 
Displayed excellent skills communicating in high-pressure situations with physicians due to comprehensive clinical knowledge of medical specialties, medical terminology, and anatomical and procedural knowledge.
"Erica invariably serves as a resource for the staff she leads. managed an ever-changing 24/7 schedule effectively, ensuring adequate staffing (with) very short notice.  very gifted communicator.  able to moderate and manage any type of challenging situation." 		 	 - Robert Potter, R.N., Supervisor

ROSE MEDICAL CENTER,         Denver,CO                                                                                            3/01-8/02         
Emergency Room Patient Admissions Representative
Managed patient flow in a nationally top-ranked ER using Meditech Magic system, working evenings with minimal supervision.  Performed medical insurance verification. Prioritized, triaged, and admitted diverse range of patients. Communicated differences and coverage of national, state, hospital, and insurance policies.
Noted for ability to complete E.R. admissions tasks rapidly while remaining tactful, flexible and calm. 

BOULDER MEDICAL CENTER, Boulder, CO                                                                                          10/99-11/00
Cardiology/Internal Medicine Lead Medical Receptionist
Created and maintained complex schedule for 16 medical staff using Meditech Practice Schedule Manager 4.5. Instructed and directed patients on preparation for Cardiac, Internal Medicine and Interventional Radiology testing procedures.  
Selected for promotion to lead role due to proven ability to work fast and communicate clearly.


EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO, Boulder, CO
Bachelor of Arts Degree, Psychology, Behavioral Genetic research emphasis
Self-financed last two years of college while working fulltime * Performed in CU choir for 4 years
Served as Editor/Writer of university newsletter for 2 years * Conversational French skills


COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS 
Max Fund Animal Shelter Events Coordinator
Denver Marathon sweep vehicle volunteer 
Colorado Choir member



  
    administrative assistant
  
  
    Go-live
    go-live
  
  
    budget
  
  
    call center
  
  
    CNA
  
  
    Client Server
  
  
    excellent communication
  
  
    CA
  
  
    computer troubleshooting
  
  
    Consultant
    consultant
    consulting
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    curriculum development
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    customer service training
  
  
    database
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Editor
  
  
    Educator
  
  
    fast
  
  
    Conversational French
  
  
    instruction
    instructor
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Director
    director
  
  
    Magic
  
  
    materials
  
  
    medical terminology
  
  
    Meditech
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
    powerpoint
  
  
    word
  
  
    Communicator
    communicator
  
  
    newsletter
  
  
    Notary Public
  
  
    Nursing
    nursing
  
  
    Optimization
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Presenter
    presenting
    presentation skills
  
  
    processes
  
  
    project management
    project coordination
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    public speaker
    public speaking
  
  
    research
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    staff development
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    Supervisor
    supervisor
    supervision
  
  
    teacher
  
  
    user support
  
  
    user training
  
  
    Trainer
    trainer
  
  
    training manuals
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    type
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    strong writing skills
    Writer
  


