
Daniel  Padilla  
4545  W  Ave  M6  Quartz  Hill,  CA.  93536  &#183;  Cell  (818)  974-9174  &#183;  Email:  dtmpadilla@me.com  
  

Summary  
Highly  experienced  large  facilities  management  professional.    36  years  in  the  construction  industry  and  13  
years  managing  higher  education  facilities  department.  Extremely  successful  and  experienced  at  directing  an  
organization  to  achieve  a  streamlined  operation  with  a  focus  on  Energy  Management  Systems,  resource  
conservation  and  improvement  in  labor  efficiencies.  Excellent  problem  solving  skills  with  abilities  to  research  
then  implement  resources  and  strategies  to  create  solutions.  Advanced  computer  hardware  and  software  
proficiencies  including  all  major  office  software.  Comfortable  interacting  with  all  levels  of  an  organization  and  
dealing  with  the  public  community.  Works  well  under  pressure  and  able  to  make  decisions  independently  and  
quickly  with  minimal  escalations.  Excellent  listening,  oral  and  written  communications  skills.  
  
ACCOMPLISHMENTS  

      &#167;   Successfully  managed  large  facilities  department  in  a  College  environment  serving  about  1000  
          employees  and  faculty  with  over  22,000  students  in  nearly  1  million  square  feet  of  building  space  on  
          54  acres  greatly  improving  facilities  operations  resulting  in  our  campus  winning  2nd  most  beautiful  
          college  campus  in  the  nation.  
      &#167;   Planned,  developed  and  managed  the  installation  of  a  multi-building  multi  campus  Energy  
          Management  System  reducing  the  energy  consumption  and  labor  costs  by  over  $200,000  annually.    
      &#167;   Chaired  Campus  Development  Committee  where  critical  planning  and  decisions  are  made  that  affect  
          the  physical  development  of  a  community  college  campus  allowing  continued  growth  and  managed  
          costs.  
      &#167;   Implemented  and  managed  Web  based  Computer  Maintenance  Management  System  and  greatly  
          improved  service  work  order  and  preventative  maintenance  quality  and  response  time  campus  wide  
          cutting  labor  costs  and  prevented  escalated  repair  expenses.  
      &#167;   Implemented  electronic  power  metering  system  that  allows  energy  use  tracking,  bill  reconciliation  
          and  automated  demand  limiting  adding  to  the  reduction  of  ratcheted  energy  cost  by  hundreds  of  
          thousands  of  dollars  a  year.  
      &#167;   Identified  issues  dealing  with  AQMD  and  hazardous  materials  storage  bringing  in  consultants  to  help  
          develop  plan  of  action  for  resolution  preventing  fines  and  improving  environmental  responsibilities.  
      &#167;   Acted  as  part  of  CSEA  negotiations  team  improving  on  labor  and  management  cooperation.  
      &#167;   Helped  develop  5  year  Master  Plan  for  construction  and  development  of  Campus  Facilities  focusing  
          direction  of  construction  and  improving  the  college's  ability  to  serve  the  students  and  faculty.  
      &#167;   Sat  on  the  State  CCC-IOU  committee  that  evaluates  energy  conservation  projects  and  procuring  
          funding  through  grant  funds  made  available  from  companies  like  the  So  Cal  Gas  Company,  PGE  and  
          SCE  companies  helping  many  colleges  in  the  State  of  California  procure  grant  funding  for  projects  and  
          reducing  energy  costs.  

WORK  EXPERIENCE  
8/1996  &#173;  7/1998          Econo  West  Heating  and  Air  Conditioning  Company,  Lancaster,  CA      

                            Service  M anager  
      n   Responsible  for  customer  satisfaction  and  quality  control  on  work  done  by  crews.  Directly  supervised  
          working  staff.  Extensive  customer  relations  and  sales  involved  with  this  position.  
   n   Designed  and  installed  complete  HVAC  systems  in  light  commercial  and  residential  environments,  
       including  electrical,  plumbing,  structural  and  sheet  metal  detail  and  fabrication.    
   n   Performed  service,  Maintenance  and  troubleshooting  of  residential  and  commercial  heating  and  air  
       conditioning  systems.  
  
2/1994  &#173;  8/1995   LA  USC  Medical  Center,  Los  Angeles,  CA  
                      Journeyman  R efrigeration  a nd  A ir  c onditioning  S ervice  T echnician  
    n Worked  with  apprenticesJou  under  my  supervision,  installed,  serviced  and  maintained  various  types  of  

      refrigeration  and  air-conditioning  systems  in  a  large  facilities  environment.  Majority  of  tasks  involved  
      compressor  change-outs,  controls  troubleshooting  and  repairs.    
   n   Learned  ASL  in  order  to  communicate  with  hard  of  hearing  employees.  
   n   Worked  on  ice  machines,  chillers,  air  handlers  and  large  air  conditioning  systems.  
  
  
EDUCATION/LICENSES/CERTIFICATES  
1973  -  1976      Newbury  Park  High  School   Newbury  Park,  CA  
  
&#183; C-20  contractors  license  
&#183; 36  years  experience  in  all  facets  of  construction  
&#183; Tridium  Programming  license  
&#183; Microsoft  networking  essentials  
&#183; Universal  refrigerant  technician  
&#183; Various  management  training  courses  
  
  
COMPUTER  SKILLS/SOFTWARE/OTHER  
Advanced  computer  skills  on  industry  software  including  Microsoft  Office,  Fusion,  and  related  software.    



  
    accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    budgeting
    budget
  
  
    c
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    contract  administration  and  
          management
    contracts
  
  
    cost  analysis  and  control
  
  
    customer  relations
  
  
    customer  satisfaction
  
  
    directing
  
  
    HVAC
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Inventory
  
  
    lighting
  
  
    management  training
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft  networking
  
  
    Microsoft  Office
  
  
    natural gas
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    plumbing
  
  
    policies
  
  
    prime
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    project  management
    project management
  
  
    quality  control
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    research
  
  
    Risk Management
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    supervising
    supervision
  
  
    technician
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    website
  


