
Rene Kaur
818 495 5686
renekaur1@gmail.com


Program Business Analyst with SECURITY CLEARANCE and GFE
Over 10 years of Information Technology experience with good understanding of Project Management, Business Process Flow, Business Analysis, and Capital Management, pertaining to Healthcare domain. Area of expertise includes extensive knowledge of strategic planning, requirement analysis, complete documentation, and staff development along with a vast experience in all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Enthusiastic, versatile team player, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Thrives in a challenging, positive environment with opportunities for ongoing professional development. Excellent skills in relationship building, planning, coordinating, follow through, detail-oriented, forward thinking, and directing others. Possess VA Security Clearance, GFE and good understanding of Government/VA processes and procedures. Current with all the required VA compliance and training.


Technical Expertise

Result- oriented Project Management professional with significant and progressive experience in business process engineering and software development life cycle, including management, analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of software applications.
In-depth knowledge of standard methodologies like Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile, Waterfall, Scrum and Rational Unified Process's (RUP) iterative software development life cycle process; Capability Maturity Models (CMM); risk engineering; data modeling and mapping and design using UML, Rational Rose, and Visio.
Extensive experience as a liaison between Stakeholders and developers in developing automated solutions for their company. Collaborated with project stakeholders and SMEs to understand the requirements and specifications for new applications along with re-engineering the existing applications.
On time delivery of Milestones for multiple releases in multiple projects.
Experienced in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies; defining and understanding the scope of the project, creating application road maps, gathering business requirements, developing business process models performing effective communications and expectation setting including understanding of business functional requirements matching to technical systems setups and configuration, and finding the perfect solution for the client. Strong knowledge of Quality Assurance Life Cycle.
Worked in coordination with database development/testing and data warehouse (ETL) teams to establish data cleansing rules, in defining data triggered logic and events, modeling the data in ERD diagrams, specifying the primary and secondary key relationships, identifying the relationship between the database tables, normalizing data and supporting complex database and warehousing systems.
Gathered Business Requirements, and wrote Business Requirements Document (BRD), System Requirements Specifications (SRS), Requirements Specification Document (RSD) and System Design Specification (SDS), functional specifications by working with the client, IT staff and project managers. Created Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) in order to keep the stakeholders updated on the progress of the project. Constantly work with Tech writers for all the documents.
Defined scope and boundaries as part of concept development. Prepare and present Project Proposals. Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, and task and workflow analysis. 
Sound knowledge in reviewing test input data and test procedures, documented detailed test plans, test scenario, defined test cases, executed detailed test scripts, analyzed bugs, interacted with team members in fixing bugs, conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and assisted in post-production support. 
Responsible for facilitating Joint Application Development (JAD), Rapid Application Development (RAD), and Joint Requirement Planning (JRP) sessions. Gather, synthesize and prioritize requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirement workshops, site visits and surveys.
Proficient in creating Use Cases, Class Diagram, Sequence Diagrams, Collaboration Diagrams, and Activity Diagrams.
Hands on experience with IBM Rational Software integration tools like Requisite Pro, Rational Rose, ClearCase, ClearQuest. Used Rational Rose and Requisite Pro for requirement management and analysis.
Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, Integration/system testing. 
Excellent communication, analytical, interpersonal, and presentation skills, expert at managing multiple projects simultaneously.
Education

MBA: Masters of Business Administration, Ohio University, Athens, Ohio.
MA: Masters of Public Administration (Health Admin), Punjab University, India. 
BA: Bachelors of Arts (Mathematics and Economics Honors), Punjab University, India.
PMP Certification: In Progress.


Methodologies	RUP, Agile, Waterfall, UML	

Tools	WinRunner, LoadRunner, Quick Test Pro, Rational Robot, Quality
 Centre.	

Databases	Oracle (RDBMS), MS SQL, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access, Sybase	

Operating Systems	UNIX, Win NT/Win2k/XP, Linux	

Project Management/ Requirement Tools  	MS Visio, Rational Rose, Rational Requisite Pro, Share Point, Clear Case, Snagit	

MS Office	MS Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, MS Project 	

Technical Skills 

Professional Experience

WellCare Health Plans Inc. (Remote), Tampa, FL
Business Analyst 
Jan 2009 - Feb 2011

WellCare Health Plans, Inc. Provides managed care services exclusively for government-sponsored healthcare programs, focusing on Medicaid and Medicare. Headquartered in Tampa, Florida, WellCare offers a variety of health plans for families, children, aged, blind and disabled and prescription drug plans. Worked as a business analyst on the patient registration system for patient scheduling, medical insurance checking, claims processing, and reporting. The purpose of this project involved population of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW), which is used in critical reporting and analysis. The operational data from Mainframes is picked and transformed to store in a central repository DB2 for data warehousing needs. 

Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering, analyzing and documenting business requirements and data specifications. 
Created and reviewed business requirements, functional specifications, project schedules and documentation.
Created Use case diagrams and business process workflow diagrams including Activity and Sequence Diagrams using MS Visio and developed test plans, test cases to analyze and match results.
Reproduce, verify, and validate issues documented in a defect tracking system, and write tractability matrices based on use cases and business requirements documents (BRDs) using Mercury Quality Center as QA Status Report, QA Summary Reports, QA Test Logs, Maintain issue and defect databases.
Performed the requirement analysis, impact analysis and documented the requirements using Rational Requisite Pro.
Involved extensively in the inception phase for understanding the Scope of the Project, feasibility of the implementation and define the risk factors involved in the project.
Used Rational Requisite Pro to organize, maintain and track user requirements.
Facilitated weekly meetings between business users, developers and testers to discuss the status of the project and gather any new requirements.
Conducted JAD sessions for communicating with all project managers, senior management and other stakeholders.
Developed Test cases to perform GUI and Functionality Testing using Quick Test Professional.
Worked closely with QA teams to ensure testing issues were resolved.

Environment:  Requisite Pro 4.0, Rational Clear Quest 6.0, Test Manager, MS Office, SharePoint.


Cigna Healthcare (Remote), Bloomfield, CT
Business Analyst 
Sep 2008 - Dec 2008

Cigna provides healthcare services to individuals all over the country. It provides quality health, dental, vision, pharmacy and behavioral health coverage for employees and their families. This Medical billing application involves the details about the patient demographics and health history. The project was implemented as per HIPAA and HL7 regulations.

Responsibilities: 
Responsible for defining the scope and implementing business rules of the project, gathering business requirements and documentation.
Responsible for writing Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS) and User Requirement Specification (URS).
Involved in writing use cases for medical, pharmacy and vision claims as part of Health Statements
Analyzed Business Requirements and segregated them into high level and low level Use Cases, Activity Diagrams / State Chart Diagrams using Rational Rose according to UML methodology thus defining the Data Process Models.
Assisted in monitoring ancillary data transactions and addressed problems with HL7 messages.
Created Business Rules Document and Requirement Traceability Matrix to track the requirements.
Assisted JAD sessions to identify the business flow.
Involved in the full HIPPAA compliance lifecycle from GAP analysis, mapping, implementation, and testing for processing of Medicaid Claims. 
Understand the As Is system and develop the To Be system concept and also prepare the System Process Maps.
Performed extensive requirement analysis including Data analysis and Gap analysis.
Created Process Flow diagrams, Use Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams and Interaction Diagrams using Microsoft Visio and Rational Requisite Pro.
Used Test Case distribution and development reports to track the progress of test case planning, implementation and execution results.

Environment:  MS Office 2007, MS Visio 2007, .NET, JAVA, C++, Work Bench, MS SQL Server, DB2, Windows NT, OS/390,Oracle9i.


Franklin Square Hospital Center, Baltimore, MD
Business Data Analyst
Mar 2007 - Aug 2008

This is an application for the hospital management. Using this software lab activity such as new patient registration, appointment fixing, doctor consultation, lab testing, pharmacy, ward management, report generation and billing can be achieved. All the relevant information is added through administrator modules. Each user is given a user name and password and they can only access that module assigned to them. For example, the receptionist can access the new patient registration module and the doctor; the consultation schedule module and so on .The administrator can access all the modules.

Responsibilities:
Worked on Data design, Architecture design and Staging requirements for the Data warehouse environment. 
Working with different IT &amp; Business groups to understand and determine the Impacts to the Data Warehouse and/or Data Marts for different projects
Conducted user interviews, gathered requirements, and analyzed the requirements using Visio, Requisite-Pro. 
Worked with the business team to collect the business requirements, security and service level requirements and documented them using Requisite-Pro. 
Performed and documented requirement analysis and data analysis
Designed new process flows for the existing system as well as for the enhanced system. 
Conducted and lead status reports meetings with the business and the IT team on a weekly basis. 
Assisted project managers with the development of project schedules. Developed requirements and preliminary design for client applications. 
Performed analysis and design projects using a systems development methodology. Worked with all levels of client staff in solution definition. 
Documented test cases during requirements gathering, analysis and design phases. 
Manage Scope and change throughout the life cycle of the product. 
Translated customer/client needs into new features and new services

Environment:  MS Office 2007, MS Visio 2007, .NET, JAVA, C++, Work Bench, MS SQL Server, DB2, Windows NT, OS/390,Oracle9i.  


Department of Health and Human Services, Lincoln, NE                                      
Business Analyst
Dec 2005 - Feb 2007

Electronic Health Records systems (also known as Electric Medical Records, or EMR) have proven to be a far better approach to documentation than conventional, paper-based systems and is designed and built on HIPPA compliance 4010. The project involved building intelligent and customer user-friendly interface to Simplify calls for a standard unique health identifier for each individual, employer, health plan, and healthcare provider for use in the healthcare system. More Efficiently Patient information is available with a few keystrokes. Records are electronically stored in a database, not taking up space in an office or storage facility. Customized dashboard which comprises of Templates, workflow, secured messaging, referrals, charts, and more are all customized to fit the way you work. With complete and immediate access to patient records, providers are able to provide better, faster. Patient information is readily available, saving time and effort.

Responsibilities:
Communicate the Gap process Analysis w/ the state and feed that into the requirements traceability matrix.
Work on designing processes &amp; sub-processes &amp; confirming it against the functional requirements.
Designing Functional Specifications for the target physical database.
Created processes for capturing mapping between the source data, cleansed database and target structures.
Documenting needs, features, business rules, supplementary specifications etc in Requisite Pro.
Facilitated JAD sessions for Requirement Validation to gather requirements.
Created artifacts using unified modeling language (UML) such as Activity Diagrams, Class Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams using Rational Rose.
Assisted project manager with the development of project schedules. 
Worked with production staff to identify and map detailed current processes, identify gaps and failure points, perform root cause analysis and develop functional requirements that supported overall strategy, goals and objectives. 
Conducted JAD sessions to gather all the requirements from the Life/Health applications. 
Developed Use Case diagrams, behavioral diagrams (sequence, collaboration, state-chart, and activity diagrams), and class diagrams using MS-Visio. 
Performed GAP analysis for the modules in production, conducted feasibility study and performed impact analysis for proposed enhancements. 
Developed Software Requirements Specifications (SRS), Use Case Specification, Supplementary Requirements Specifications.

ENVIRONMENT: Rational Unified Process (RUP), MS Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, Rational RequisitePro, Rational ClearQuest, UML


Voltas Private Ltd                                                                         
Business Analyst
Jan 2004 - Nov 2005 

Voltas is one of the world's premier engineering solutions providers and project specialists. It offers engineering solutions for a wide range of industries in areas such as heating, ventilation and air conditioning, refrigeration, materials handling equipment, water management and treatment and many more. Project included designing a new database and online service request system for the cooling and air conditioning department.

Responsibilities:
Coordinated the requirement gathering stage using Rational Requisite Pro which included interviews, JAD sessions, surveys, brainstorming and meetings with stake holders to help build a data base serving their customer service unit . 
Market research to understand difficulties customers were facing and analyze loopholes in the system.
Completed an end-to-end analysis of the sales and marketing chain to - understand reasons for sluggish sales.
Involved in creating project plan, project charters, requirements and test plan documents.
Prepared user requirement document for developers by analyzing system specifications, designing and development plans to ensure all aspects of the application are fully covered.
Collaborated with customers, vendors and managers to mitigate risks associated with project plans, quality and timeline goals.
Conducted JAD sessions and interviews with the marketing - sales and service team, developers, testers and customers.
Trained the end users of the system and improved their comfort level in using the system.
Developed Manuals and specs for end users i.e. the agent.
Developed PowerPoint presentations with Project Manager for monthly meetings with Senior management. 
Participated in weekly meetings with management to inform stakeholders of overall project progress.


United Health Group (Remote)                                     
Business Analyst
Dec 2002 - Dec 2003

United Health Group is one of the leaders across most major segments of the US health care system. I was part of the Medical Management quality applications &amp; operations team at United Health Group. Responsible for the creation, maintenance and reporting all HEDIS (healthcare effectiveness data and information set) measures for NCQA accreditation. Management of few departmental projects including programming for HEDIS measures for NCQA accreditation through FOCUS and SQL programming. Ensure completion of all programming projects for all programmers in department. 

Responsibilities:
Conducted the AS-IS and TO-BE analysis of the business process using GAP analysis. 
Gathered requirements and prepared Charter, Business Requirement Documents (BRD), System Requirement Specification (SRS) by interviewing Business Users/SME's
Lead as well participated in JAD sessions and interacted with various functional leads and analysts.
Was responsible for reviewing and documentation of CMS GEM (General Equivalency Mapping) crosswalk/mapping. 
Participated in risk sessions to address the risks and project impacts to bring to light the possible workaround.
Conducted workflow analysis to bring out the identified gaps and documented those.
Traced Requirements using Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Analyzed Business Requirements and created Use Cases, Use Case Diagrams, class diagrams, wire-frame diagrams, screen-mock up, Navigation Flow, Business Flow Diagrams for applications and created Activity Diagrams / Sequence Diagrams using MS Visio and Enterprise Architect created conceptual model, behavior diagrams.
Responsible for providing all business events, rules, and process information for workflow, external interfaces. 
Followed Best Practices during the life cycle of the project. Assisted Technical team in documenting Technical Design Documents by clarifying the technical team's queries pertaining to functional specification.
Defined project milestones, schedules, and monitored progress using MS - Project and updated plans as required.
Identify data populations for Member Outreach projects 
Responsible for HEDIS reporting for three product lines and 180,000 members, Medicaid, SCHIP (Healthy Families) and a local health initiative.
Analyze database for errors.
Currently using Med Measures and Med Capture for HEDIS reporting software
Post HEDIS analysis reviewing HEDIS processes that can be improved as well as developing interventions for measures with areas for improvement 
HEDIS reporting from mainframe data systems. Design, program and generate HEDIS data from VIPS mainframe environments. This data is used internally as a data quality check for current HEDIS rates.
CAHPS reporting and statistical analysis. Performing statistical data analysis on CAHPS indicators testing for significant improvements and identifying. CAHPS reporting and statistical analysis. Performing statistical data analysis on CAHPS indicators testing for significant improvements and identifying opportunities for improvement. This is then presented graphically and reported to the Quality improvement department for barrier analysis.

Environment: Rational Unified Process (RUP), MS Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, Rational RequisitePro, Rational ClearQuest, UML


Independent Health, Buffalo, NY                                                                                  
Business Analyst
Dec 1999 - Nov 2002 

Independent Health Plans, Inc. Provides managed care services for government-sponsored healthcare programs, focusing on Medicaid and Medicare. Headquartered in Buffalo, NY. IH offers a variety of health plans for families, children, aged, blind and disabled and prescription drug plans. Worked as a business analyst on the patient registration system for patient scheduling, medical insurance checking, claims processing, and reporting. The purpose of this project involves population of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW), which is used in critical reporting and analysis. The operational data from Mainframes is picked and transformed to store in a central repository DB2 for data warehousing needs. 

Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering, analyzing and documenting business requirements and data specifications. 
Created and reviewed business requirements, functional specifications, project schedules and documentation.
Created Use case diagrams and business process workflow diagrams including Activity and Sequence Diagrams using MS Visio and developed test plans, test cases to analyze and match results.
Reproduce, verify, and validate issues documented in a defect tracking system, and write tractability matrices based on use cases and business requirements documents (BRDs) using Mercury Quality Center as QA Status Report, QA Summary Reports, QA Test Logs, Maintain issue and defect databases.
Performed the requirement analysis, impact analysis and documented the requirements using Rational Requisite Pro.
Facilitated weekly meetings between business users, developers and testers to discuss the status of the project and gather any new requirements.
Conducted JAD sessions for communicating with all project managers, senior management and other stakeholders.
Developed Test cases to perform GUI and Functionality Testing using Quick Test Professional.
Worked closely with QA teams to ensure testing issues were resolved.

Environment: .Net, C#, SQL, UNIX ES7000, HTML, XML, Windows 2000, Crystal Reports, BizTalk.














1




  
    .NET
    .Net
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    premier
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Architect
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    billing
  
  
    BizTalk
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business analyst
  
  
    business process
  
  
    C++
  
  
    charts
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    concept
  
  
    consultation
  
  
    content
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Data analysis
    data analysis
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    Data Warehouse
    Data warehouse
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    data base
    database
  
  
    data warehousing
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    Senior management
    senior management
  
  
    features
  
  
    FOCUS
    focus
  
  
    frame
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    graphics
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    JAVA
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    law
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    LoadRunner
  
  
    mainframe
    Mainframes
  
  
    Market research
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Medical billing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    access
    MS Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    exchange
  
  
    MS Office
    MS Office Suite
    Office
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    MS Project
    MS - Project
  
  
    Microsoft Visio
  
  
    Win2
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    Windows NT
    Win NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    multi-media
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Navigation
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle9
  
  
    OS/390
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Primavera
  
  
    process Analysis
    processes
  
  
    Program Management
    program management
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Progress
    progress
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
    project leadership
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    Quick Test Professional
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    Quality improvement
    QA
  
  
    Quest
    Quest 6.0
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    Rational Rose
  
  
    Oracle (RDBMS
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    receptionist
  
  
    reengineering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Requirement
    requirement
  
  
    requirements gathering
  
  
    RUP
    Rational Unified Process
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Specification
    specification
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    MS SQL
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    statistical analysis
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    systems development
  
  
    technical writing
  
  
    unified modeling language
    UML
  
  
    unique
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    Validation
    validation
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    vision
  
  
    WinRunner
  
  
    workflow analysis
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  


