
Kathleen Gilligan
9 Fairweather Dr. **Norwalk, CT 06851 **Phone: (203) 856-4676 ** kgill992001@yahoo.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Results-driven, highly interpersonal professional with proven business experiences supported with a solid academic foundation in Human Resources, Marketing, and Finance.  Comprehensive background of accomplishments includes generating sales, developing marketing programs, designing and delivering presentations, and building positive customer relations.  Proven ability in managing high-profile projects in support of senior executives.  Experienced in all Microsoft Office and numerous other software products including Harvard Graphics. 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Right Management, (Norwalk, CT) 	April 2007 - January 2008
Office Team and Manpower
Office Administrator 
Planned and prepared daily activities, managed appointments, and updated daily events.
Scheduled meetings, sent correspondence to other branches and compiled reports in support of the meeting requirements.
Maintained and updated data base on weekly basis.

Direct Energy, (Stamford, CT)	June 2005- March 2007
Executive Assistant to Senior Vice President &amp; Vice President of Operations
Developed corporate sales and marketing materials, including company catalog and marketing brochures.
Designed and developed sales/board meetings PowerPoint presentations.
Coordinated client, executive, and employee relations activities.
Prepared confidential company reports. 
Modified contracts and agreements as required.
Evaluated new sales leads, conducted online market research, and created databases and spreadsheets.
Organized multiple office events; handled all vendor negotiations, event logistics, strategic planning, site selection, travel arrangements, attendee registration, onsite support, and follow-up.
Recognized as "Employee of the Month" in June 2006.

Eileen Fisher, (Westport, CT)                                                        			May 2004 - June 2005
Sales Associate

Worked with high-profile customers to ensure their needs were met when purchasing clothing.
Exceeded sales goals by analyzing customer audience and developing sales strategies.
Recommended sales and merchandising plans

Petroleum Heat &amp; Power, (Stamford, CT)	July 2001 - December 2002
Assistant to Vice President of Finance

Led project management initiatives including the creation and implementation of marketing programs.
Assisted with SEC filings and business client stability monitoring/maintenance.
Supported company directors in daily work operations and administration.
Managed office workflow, organized staff meetings, and developed necessary reports.


Canaan Partners,   (Rowayton, CT)	April 2000 - December 2000
Executive Secretary to General Partner

Analyzed and implemented new office procedures, resulting in improved efficiency.
Provided all administrative and clerical support to executives.
Transcribed dictation of orders, memoranda, opinions, decisions, correspondence, administrative reports, and directives.

General Reinsurance Corp.,  (Stamford, CT)	January 1991 - 2000
Executive Secretary to Senior Vice President &amp; Vice President

Coordinated travel arrangements and vouchers for senior management team.
Proofread corporate materials for accuracy and legal citation.
Prepared materials for presentations and reports in the appropriate format. 
Processed expense reports, including obtaining required approval and ensuring payment.


EDUCATION


Sacred Heart University, (Fairfield, CT)										2007
Bachelor of Science in Business Management, 
Majored in Human Resources, Operations Management, Finance, and Marketing


Norwalk Community College,  (Norwalk, CT)									2004
Associate of Arts in General Studies,  





  
    administrative
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    databases
    data base
  
  
    dictation
  
  
    employee relations
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    project management
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    sales
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    workflow
  


