
Marc A. Pahr


EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Marc graduated from college in 1980 and his first job out of school was with International Harvester; he was involved with creation of COBOL programs.  After that he worked at PMSC doing updates and new development to online and batch COBOL programs and continued on in Mainframe development for the next 2 decades. Marc also has knowledge specific to the insurance industry having tested on INS21 General Principles, INS22 Property and INS23 Casualty Insurance. At this point in his career, COBOL development has become routine for Marc. More recently, Marc has made an effort to update his skill set attempting to become more relevant in today's competitive IT market. He's received training on PL/SQL development and has recently been exposed to C#.NET. Marc is available to interview immediately but he requires 1-2 weeks before he can start an assignment. His additional career highlights are bulleted below. 

The Data Analyst is responsible for creating reports and interpreting trends from a variety of data sources to assist the Vehicle Technical Service group in making business decisions to improve vehicle quality. This position requires strong knowledge of automotive or manufacturing statistical methods for quality analysis and reporting. The position is responsible for taking data from various systems and sources and creating methods to interpret and summarize conclusions that are actionable and relevant. The position supports the Vehicle Technical Service quality improvement process and is responsible for assisting with  ad-hoc reporting requests from many business units.
Prior to 2001 I worked 10 years as a Mainframe Developer in COBOL, PL, IDMS, DB2, IMS, SAS and CICS.
Used Identity Management and Oracle Security Token Service as an enterprise-level solution that facilitates Token exchange, Identity propagation and end-to-end Security across web services through a Token based identity
I'm familiar with UNIX and its commands/utilities at the user level. Can edit files using more than one editor. Uses at least two shells one of them being UNIX.
Used PowerBuilder and data-handling object called a DataWindow, which is used to create, edit, and display data from the database.
Use of packages helps with organized code management and act like containers for related subprograms, and items. 
Published Applications across a WAN. Ability to understand and apply the inter-relationships of servers and applications in the work environment.
Used (APEX) as an entirely web-based development framework that is built into every edition of Oracle Database.
Used Apex to addresses globalization, scalability, security, and other concerns of enterprise-level development. 
Oracle APEX allows a fast development cycle to be achieved to create web based applications. 
Oracle ADF is based on the Model-View-Controller (MVC) design pattern. Separating applications into these layers simplifies maintenance and reuse of components across applications. The independence of each layer from the other results in a loosely coupled Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). Oracle ADF implements MVC and further separates the model layer from the business services to enable service-oriented development of applications
Oracle ADF is the tool that enables a single design-time environment for Oracle SOA Suite 11g is JDeveloper. JDeveloper is a mature, award-winning design and development tool that has been proven and hardened over the years. JDeveloper is not only used to create SCA assembly models, but also to create SCA deployment modules, BPEL processes, Mediator configurations, dashboards, traditional Java applications, web and portal applications and more.
Oracle provides a complete SOA software solution - Oracle SOA Suite, is an integrated, productive environment that is a leader in its category.
This includes the service-oriented development of applications, service-oriented integration of applications and IT systems, and business process management (BPM). The components of the suite benefit from common capabilities including a single deployment and management model, consistent tooling, end-to-end security, and unified metadata management.
As a business analyst collected useful requirements to design the user approval and entitlement executive system. Planned Test-Cases &amp; -Scripts based on the URD.
Utilized Quality Center for directing, tracking and outlining needs during a project SDLC. Sr. analyst on the data migration projects to combine client information from the distributed policy resource systems into Enterprise Customer Info File (CIF).  Produced complete data mappings and data conversion need documents for CIF to ECIF migrations. Carried out regular triage meetings to recognize and determine critical testing faults.
Technical lead for software development of a mezzanine card solution. Responsible for content and presentation of documents at System Functional Review (SFR), Preliminary Design Review (PDR), and Customer Design Review (CDR) to customers - Successfully communicated and accepted by the customers. Responsible for derived requirements from Systems Engineering (SE) Verification Cross Reference Matrix (VCRM). Designed, implemented, and integrated tested Application software to the comply with customer requirements.  Abided by software safety standards and conventions that were specified by customer and diagnostic engineering department for multiple programs. Participated in Preliminary Design Review (PDR) with customer. Done market &amp; competitive due diligences for $7 M investment in 2 early phase tech companies. Ready price &amp; revenue statements and performed financial assessment for the investments in such companies. Helped CFO with a fund-raising for novel $150M fund. Ready Due Diligence survey and audited Term Sheet for the Series B sequence of financing.
(UCM) Content Server is the foundation for a variety of Oracle content management products. It provides a     flexible, secure, centralized, web-based repository that manages all phases of the content life cycle: from creation and approval to publishing, searching, expiration, and archival or disposition. Every contributor throughout the organization can easily contribute content from native desktop applications, efficiently manage business content via rich library services, and securely access that content anywhere using a web browser. All content, regardless of content type, is stored in the web repository or database for management, reuse and access. While stored in the repository, all types of content-ranging from e-mail, discussions, documents, reports, spreadsheets and records to images, multimedia or other digital formats-receive the same set of fundamental core services.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to set targets, design improvement plans and ascertain best methodologies.
Wrote technical documentations for related infrastructure and installs which will include, but not limited by, the following technologies:
Clustering, Filesystem, Volume Manager, Disksuite, ZFS, OS: Redhat Linux, Oracle Solaris
Worked on integrating the companies ERP system using public and private APIs. 
Preformed application programming from 1996 through 2011. Doing programming, testing, debugging, implementation and documentation used SDLC as my guide. Worked with Oracle application framework and procurement, Account receivable, accounts payable and Manufacturing Replenish Planning. . 
I have strong data analysis skills along with using MS office and Word, Excel, and Outlook. I possess an incredible attention to detail.
Used the principals of OOP such as Inheritance, polymorphism, In contrast, using object-oriented analysis, design, and programming techniques, the focus remains on the real-world objects throughout the development cycle. Although there is no clear winner in object-oriented analysis an overlap between each of the three development steps. The analyst and the programmer are both interested in development of usable (and reusable) objects. These programming objects (referred to as class declarations), once tested and made available to other programmers, do not have to be retested and redesigned every time changes are made to the data layout.
Used Oracle for cash transactions that were to be reconciled &amp; received. These cash transactions were to be reconciled &amp; accounted from Oracle Receivables
The ApexLib Development Framework give you lot of possibilities to tweak and enhance your Oracle APEX application. The Oracle APEX Builder Plugin is a productivity and usability enhancement tool for the development environment of Oracle Application Express (APEX). It integrates with Firefox and Internet Explorer to put a wealth of new features to your favorite development tool. 
Used MySQL as a relational database management system (RDBMS) that runs as a server providing multi-user access to a number of databases.

Oracle Developer

AIM methodology, Oracle A.I.M. Methodology encompasses a project management methodology with documentation templates that support the life cycle of an implementation. The life cycle methodology and documentation templates allow A.I.M. to be a very useful tool for managing implementation projects successfully. The A.I.M. methodology can actually be used for any type IT software implementations however the value of A.I.M is within the documentation template. The software includes the documentation templates, manuals and an html website to manage these templates
Used Cursor processing which is a variable that runs through the tuples of some relation. This relation can be a stored table, or it can be the answer to some query. By fetching into the cursor each tuple of the relation, we can write a program to read and process the value of each such tuple. If the relation is stored, we can also update or delete the tuple at the current cursor position.
Oracle PL/SQL is a highly structured, strongly typed programming language that uses natural language constructs to make it easy to understand and use. 
PL/SQL combines the data-manipulating power of SQL with the processing power of procedural languages. You can control program flow with statements like IF and LOOP. As with other procedural programming languages, you can declare variables, define procedures and functions, and trap runtime errors.
PL/SQL lets you break complex problems down into easily understandable procedural code, and reuse this code across multiple applications. When a problem can be solved through plain SQL, you can issue SQL commands directly inside your PL/SQL programs, without learning new APIs. PL/SQL's data types correspond with SQL's column types, making it easy to interchange PL/SQL variables with data inside a table.
Used Oracle Agile in the supply chain re-engineering for end-to-end product lifecycle management (PLM) solution, Oracle's Agile PLM helps companies accelerate profitable innovation. Used Agile PLM to enables access to your Agile data via a service platform connected to your Agile server in a secured environment. To intuitive, familiar interface so you can be immediately productive. To view attachments from your device (.pdf, MS Office, .jpg and many others). To see the status of other approvers for the same change order and to works natively with your device's existing capabilities, so there is no need for any special programming.  
JOB TITLE: SYSTEM ANALYST:
BI Publisher data and report template development experience a Cognos is IBM's business intelligence (BI) and performance management software suite. The software is designed to enable business users without technical knowledge to extract corporate data, analyze it and assemble reports.  Cognos is composed of nearly three dozen software products. Because Cognos is built on open standards, the software products can be used with relational and multidimensional data sources from multiple vendors, including Microsoft, NCR Teradata.Oracle BI Publisher.
Used Cognos Express Reporter for ad hoc reporting.
Used Extract, transform and load (ETL) to extracting data from outside sources; transforming it to fit operational needs and loading it to fit operational needs used in data warehousing.
Oracle XML Publisher (XMLP) is Oracle Corporation's new reporting technology. It was originally developed to solve the reporting problems faced by Oracle Applications. It was first released with Oracle E-Business Suite 11.5.10 in 2003. XML Publisher Enterprise with no dependency on Oracle Applications. When XML Publisher became part of the Oracle BI Enterprise Edition Suite it was re-branded as Oracle BI Publisher. BI Publisher separates the creation of data (XML) from the process of formatting it for different uses. The engine can format any well-formed XML data, allowing integration with any system that can generate XML, including Web Services or any data source available through JDBC BI Publisher can merge multiple data sources into a single output document.
During an Oracle Applications implementation, additional configuration, design, or programming requirements are necessary to satisfy functional requirements and achieve the desired functionality. The objective during any implementation would be to keep new object development to an absolute minimum. RICE objects represent requirements not currently supported within the core functionality of an Oracle Application Module being implemented and thus require additional technical development to satisfy the functional requirement of a organization. During an Implementation development of RICE components involves:  Enhancements (or extensions) to the existing system to add additional functionality to existing system without disturbing the core software functionality of the system. 
I'm experienced in all phases of the system development life cycle from specifications, analysis, logical design, physical design, programming, testing, installation, documentation and user training. 
As a technical writer or professional writer I designed, created and maintained technical documentation. This documentation includes online help, and user guides.   
Writing Shell scripts using ksh, bash, PERL for process automation of databases, applications, backup and scheduling. 
I'm experienced in performing DBA tasks including creating users, roles, tables, table spaces, imports and exports for development of databases
Used PL/SQL (Procedural Language/Structured Query Language) for Oracle's corporation procedural extension language for SQL and the Oracle relational database. 
EDUCATION and CERTIFICATIONS

Northeastern Illinois University 1985 MA Master's Degree in History
Northeastern Illinois University 1980 BS Computer Science
Oakton College 1998 AA International Business
Harper College 2002 Senior Network Specialist 
Harper College 2004 Certificate in Advanced LAN Mgmt.
Harper College, May 2008 Senior Network Administrator 
Harper College, May 2008 Computer Information Sys .TECH cert 

TECHNICAL CRITERIA 

COBOL, CICS, Application Development Workstation, FileAid, DB2, IMS DB, PL/1, MicroFocus COBOL, TSO/ISPF, JCL, VSAM, PANVALET, Access, Excel, IFPS,DOS/VSE, SAS, HTML , SYNON ,MS Visio, Windows XP/98/95, ICCF, Desk-top Suite of Utilities, Roscoe, REXX, Oracle, Windows XP, Windows, UNISYS 1190, IBM RS6000, 3090, 308x, 4341, Apple IIE, AS 400 ,COMPAQ, Dell PC and IBM Compatible PCs

EXPERIENCE

Nicor Gas, Naperville, IL	 01/01 - 10/07
Oracle Developer / Systems Administrator / Consultant
I used Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) as a rapid web application development tool for the Oracle database. I supported Shell scripting in a UNIX setting; used basic UNIX commands like LS to list files. I also used OAF development which can be split in two major categories namely: Personalization refers to the ability to declaratively alter the UI to suit user or business needs and Extensibility refers to the ability to programmatically extend an application's functionality. Used Oracle Applications - Apps E-Business Suite (also known as Applications/Apps or EB-Suite/EBS) to collect enterprise resource planning (ERP), customer relationship management (CRM), and supply-chain management (SCM) computer applications either developed by or acquired by Oracle. Worked on testing AP, AR, GL, FA, CE and other financial modules. Worked with CC&amp;B Customer Care &amp; Billing System in a UNIX environment; accessed Oracle table through the use of structure and efficient SQL. I used BizTalk to promote XML as the common data exchange language for e-commerce and application integration on the Internet. Worked in a TSO/ISPF environment. 

Prior to this I worked as a Programmer Analyst for Allstate, Motorola, Caremark and Metpath doing maintenance, updates to and creation of application software using Cobol,CICS,DB2 and mainframes. I used SAS and utilities to accomplish my work/assignments.     















4




  
    C#.NET
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    ad
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    Analyst
    analyst
  
  
    AP
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    Application Development
  
  
    AR
  
  
    A.I.
  
  
    AS 400
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    automation
  
  
    automotive
  
  
    backup
  
  
    bash
  
  
    basic
  
  
    Billing System
  
  
    BizTalk
  
  
    business analyst
  
  
    BI
    business intelligence
  
  
    business planning
  
  
    business process
  
  
    CICS
  
  
    CISCO routers
  
  
    Clustering
  
  
    COBOL
    Cobol
  
  
    Cognos
  
  
    COMPAQ
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    computer applications
  
  
    content
    content management
    Content
  
  
    Controller
  
  
    credit
  
  
    customer relationship management
    CRM
  
  
    client
  
  
    Customer Care
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    data conversion
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    data warehousing
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    decision making
  
  
    decision support
  
  
    Delivery
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    directing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    DOS/VSE
  
  
    Due Diligence
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    E-Business
  
  
    edit
    editor
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    ERP
    enterprise resource planning
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    fast
  
  
    features
  
  
    FileAid
  
  
    financing
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    fund-raising
  
  
    GL
  
  
    HTML
    html
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IBM Compatible PCs
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IDMS
  
  
    IMS
  
  
    IMS DB
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    Internet Explorer
  
  
    investments
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Korn shell
    ksh
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    languages
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Mainframe
    mainframes
  
  
    Mgmt
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    Mars
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    MicroFocus COBOL
  
  
    Access
    access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    exchange
  
  
    MS Office
    MS office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    98
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Word
  
  
    works
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    multimedia
  
  
    MVC
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    natural
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    Network Administrator
  
  
    Network
    networking
  
  
    next 2
  
  
    novel
  
  
    object-oriented analysis
  
  
    OOP
  
  
    ODS
  
  
    online help
  
  
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle Applications
  
  
    Oracle database
    DBA
    Oracle Database
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    Oracle PL/SQL
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle SQL
  
  
    PANVALET
  
  
    pdf
  
  
    performance management
  
  
    PERL
  
  
    PL
  
  
    PL/1
  
  
    PLM
  
  
    PowerBuilder
  
  
    problem solving skills
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    coding
    Programmer
    programmer
    programming
  
  
    project management
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    quality improvement
  
  
    Express
  
  
    relational database management system
    RDBMS
  
  
    read
  
  
    Redhat Linux
  
  
    re-engineering
  
  
    relational database
  
  
    reporting
    Reporter
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    REXX
  
  
    Roscoe
  
  
    router
  
  
    RS6000
  
  
    safety
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    script
    Shell scripts
    Shell scripting
  
  
    software development
  
  
    Solaris
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    SQL
    Structured Query Language
  
  
    statistical analysis
  
  
    structured
  
  
    supply chain
  
  
    supply-chain management
  
  
    switches
  
  
    SYNON
  
  
    Systems Engineering
  
  
    tables
  
  
    user training
  
  
    technical documentation
    technical writer
  
  
    Teradata
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    TSO/ISPF
  
  
    TYPE
    type
  
  
    UNISYS
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    UNIX shell
  
  
    Utilities
    utilities
  
  
    View
    view
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    VSAM
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    web application development
  
  
    website
  
  
    professional writer I
  
  
    XML
  


