
LaVerne Stennett
7917 SW 5th Street North Lauderdale, FL 33068954-513-5418lsgemini76@aol.com
OBJECTIVE
To obtain employment with a growth oriented company utilizing my instructional design and newly acquired web design skills.
EDUCATION
American Intercontinental University2002 - 2004
BBA, Bachelor of Business Administration, Enterprise Management
Atlantic Technical Center2011 -  2012
Certificate in Web Development Services

EXPERIENCE
E-Learning Specialist/ Instructional Designer2006 - 2010 
United Health Group (Sunrise, FL 33323)
Maintained and created e-learning projects for the Knowlagent r8 system. Converted Knowlagent courses via Articulate Presenter for reusable content. Built e-learning courses that were AICC and SCORM compliant. Created user guides and presentations.  Assisted with training class facilitation as needed. Applied instructional design theory to E-learning/WBT methodology to include learner interactivity, questioning techniques, and course assessments. Liaised with Vendors to ensure all system operations were functional and current. Conducted staff meetings pertaining to new policies and procedures. Planned and conducted 1 on 1training programs and conferences dealing with new procedures, instructional materials, and equipment.  Generated reports and discussed ways of improving ROI.

E-Learning Specialist  2004 - 2006
PRC (Margate, FL 33069)
Designed and produced course projects from inception to completion via Knowlagent. Shadowed Subject Matter Experts (SME) to gain understanding and document business processes. Coordinated training class activities. Createdhard and soft copies of facilitator and participant materials. Acted as a liaison between trainers or subject matter experts and the software platform that they relied upon to reach their students. Attended and constructively contributed in staff meetings pertaining to ROI.  Provided technical support to students, faculty and staff achieving internal customer satisfaction.


SKills
Experience working with eLearning development and blended learning programs.
Excellent consulting and relationship skills.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to interface with all levels within the organization.
Team oriented, motivated, organized and detailed with a background in writing and oral communication.
Strong ability to learn new tasks quickl,  work independently or within a team.
Successfully managed multiple projects.


TOOLS
Articulate Studio 9, Snagit 9, Snagit Editer 9, Knowlagent r8, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Publisher, SharePoint, Go-To-Meeting, WebEx, LearnWell, U-Learn, WILD.
Some experience with Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Presenter, LiveCycle, Adobe X, Flash.  



  
    Adobe
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Articulate
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    consultation
  
  
    content
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    Flash
  
  
    functional
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    instructional design
  
  
    job analysis
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    MS PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Publisher
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Presenter
    presentations
  
  
    progress
  
  
    reading
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    Web Development
  


