
PAVAN DEVANAHALLI, PMP	5305 Abitare Boulevard, 
Voorhees, NJ 08043, USA
Phone: (810) 210-3855
e-mail: devanahalli@hotmail.com	

         
OBJECTIVE

"To leverage a unique combination of rolling stock and project management experience in leading and managing cross-functional teams in a challenging and multi-faceted environment"


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Electro-Motive Diesel - [2005 - 2007]
Role: Lead Vehicle Integration Engineer
Lead system integration and product development of SD70ACE diesel-electric locomotives for Kansas City Southern Railway Company.
Design and development of V-12, 16 &amp; 20 Tier 2 compliant diesel engines, traction motors and ancillary system components.
Implement '90-10' program aimed at designing diesel electric locomotives that have 90% commonality of design, features and functionality, and 10% of customizability.
Utilize Design For Manufacture and Assembly (DFMA) methodology to optimize assembly and simplify manufacture of designs.
Collaborate with Finite Element Analysis (FEA) team in development of 3-D structural and engine CAD models for static, natural frequency, weight optimization and fatigue analysis.
Conduct design review meetings with internal and external customers, suppliers, inter-departmental stake holders and senior management.

Kettering University (General Motors Institute) - [2004 - 2005]
Role: Graduate Research Assistant 
Design &amp; development of the conceptual H.5 All Terrain Vehicle (ATV) - General Motors/PACE.
Linear static analysis, fatigue and endurance analysis of half-shaft using SDRC I-DEAS and MSC Nastran - SAE Formula Car.
Conduct Finite Element Analysis (FEA) to research and predict performance of piston crown subject to simulated thermal load- SAE Formula Car.
Process optimization of powder based rapid prototyping system using Design of Experiments (DOE) and Response Surface Method (RSM) methodologies.

John Crane Engineering and Design Center - [2002 - 2003]
Role: Project Engineer 
Sizing and selection of mechanical seals and sealant systems in accordance with Shell/API specifications for API 610 centrifugal pumps in petrochemical platforms.
Review 'Gosststandart' - Certification for components imported to Russia to fulfill quality, safety and environmental standards.
Work with various pump OEMs for sizing of mechanical seals for use on new and retrofitted centrifugal pumps.
Generation of Spare Parts list and Interchangeability Record for mechanical seals on API 610 centrifugal pumps.


ACADEMIC BACKGROUND

Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering - Kettering University (2003 - 2005) 
Courses: Advanced Finite Element Analysis, Advanced Mechanics of Materials, Engineering Optimization, Advanced Quality Assurance, Design For Manufacture and Assembly

Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering - PES Institute of Technology (1998-2002) 
Courses: Advanced Fluid Mechanics, Applied Thermodynamics, Theory of Machines, Advanced Machine Design, Product Development and Design


SOFTWARE SKILLS 

MS Project 2007 - Orange Belt training - Project Management
Primavera - Contract Management
SolidWorks Simulation (formerly COSMOSWorks) - CAE 
SolidWorks 2012 - CAD 
Abaqus/CAE 6.11 - CAE 
Teamcenter Engineering - Product Lifecycle Management
SolidWorks PDM - Product Data Management 
MS Office Suite - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio
PROACT - Root Cause Analysis


CERTIFICATIONS AND PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute (PMI)
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM), Project Management Institute (PMI)
Member of American Society of Mechanical Engineers - ASME
Member of Project Management Institute - PMI


REFERENCES

Shall be furnished on request










	
1 of 2



  
    3-D
  
  
    API
  
  
    Assembly
    assembly
  
  
    CAD
  
  
    charts
  
  
    configuration management
  
  
    Contract Management
  
  
    Data Management
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
    Product Development and Design
  
  
    Design of Experiments
  
  
    product development
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    features
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Materials
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office Suite
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    MSC
  
  
    Nastran
  
  
    natural
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    Optimization
    optimization
  
  
    PDM
  
  
    predict
  
  
    Primavera
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    prototyping
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    research
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    safety
  
  
    Shell
  
  
    Simulation
  
  
    SolidWorks
  
  
    system integration
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    Visio
  


