
Andy H. Pham - Radiology Technologist (Registered)
6663 Peacock Blvd * Morrow, GA 30260 * 404-433-7573 * andyhpham05@gmail.com 

OBJECTIVE: Currently pursuing a career in the field of Radiography and Medical Imaging in the New York metropolitan area. 
AREAS OF EXCELLENCE:
 Superb Customer Service	 Patient Care		 Strong Team Player		 Dependable and Dedicated
 Radiologic Positioning &amp; Procedures  Radiation Safety	 Produce Quality Imaging 	 Radiologic Equipments	 
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND: 
Emory University					Atlanta, GA			March 2012
Certificate: Practical Approach to Digital Imaging			
Institute of Allied Medical Professions, ARRT 		Atlanta, GA			Sept 2006 - Sept 2008
A.S Radiologic Technology					
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Radiologic Technology Intern 				Atlanta, GA			Oct 2007 - Sept 2008
Acquired well-rounded and thorough experience at state-of-the-art facility. Gained experience working with patients of all ages with a variety of medical conditions from pre-op to outpatient care. Completed diagnostic radiographic procedures in the Radiology Department. Establish exposure factors to get best imaging for the patients. Processed radiographic films. Maintain radiation dosages as low as possible in accordance to the ALARA concept. Hired after successful performance as an intern technologist, Oct 2007 - Sept 2008.
Contributions:
Perform radiation safety for patients and explain processes/procedures to individual patients. 
Offered patient care service using specified modalities under control of physician but not needing continuous technical supervision.
CLINICAL EXPERIENCE: 
Northside Hospital-Cherokee    |    Resurgens Orthopaedics    |    North Fulton Regional Hospital    |    Saint Joseph's Hospital
Student RT Clinical Rotation				Atlanta, GA			Nov 2006 - Sept 2008
Offered radiology services to the patients of every age. Developed solid understanding of imaging equipment and imaging, documentation software, including PACS Image Archive and DICOM storage. Collaborated with fellow interns and staff to focus on stellar patient accommodation and comfort. Assisted with Upper GI Series, Barium Enemas, Small Bowel Series, Esophagrams and Myelograms. Operated necessary stationary, fluoroscopic and portable diagnostic imaging equipment. Performed imaging procedures for the Diagnostic Imaging Department. Performed lower and upper extremities, spine and pelvis radiographic exams. Rotated through most Diagnostic Imaging sections, including CT, MRI, OR, ER, Interventional and General Radiology.
CORE KNOWLEDGE AND TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
Certification/Licensure:	ARRT Certification, NYS license from NYS DOH, CPR Certified.
Equipment:		X-Ray Tubes: GE, Siemens, Philips, Fuji, Kodak, Sentry Three as well as conventional equipment.
C-Arms:			OEC 9600, 9800, 9900
Programs:		IDX, PACS, EMRs, HMED and McKesson Star Navigator.



  
    Approach
  
  
    art
  
  
    C
  
  
    concept
  
  
    CPR Certified
  
  
    DOH
  
  
    Digital Imaging
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    fast
  
  
    focus
  
  
    Image
    image
    Imaging
    imaging
  
  
    Navigator
  
  
    PACS
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quick
  
  
    safety
  
  
    Siemens
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    technical support
  


