
                                                                        Resume of:
                                                                Jonathan H. Madeira
                                                                 350 Northfield Dr.
                                                                  King, NC 27021 
                                                                Cell:336-529-7265                                                                
                                                         [ sirjonathan76@yahoo.com   ]

                                                                       Job Objective

 With my skills, I would like to return to working in power generation, However, I am highly qualified to work as a Shop Supervisor, or Lead Technician for a Shop or for a Fleet of trucks. Excellent skills in both mechanical and electrical with heavy duty trucks and equipment. Including diagnosing, and correcting issues with any mechanical and or electrical systems in vehicles. 



   Experience                                   

 Cummins Atlantic Inc., LLC, Greensboro, NC                                  12/04 to 1/08
 Job Responsibilities: Troubleshoot / Class A tech, and problem solver.
 1-Engines: Cummins; B, C, L-10, M11, N-14, ISX, EGR and non EGR. The older V/VT-378, 504, 555, 903, 1710, KTA 1150, 2300 and 3067. Onan, Yanmar, Kubota were mostly used for power generation. Any Cummins engine was brought in for electronic engine control problems. Usually a sensor, wiring harness and often just a calibration update in ECM. During any tear down, always looked for cause of problem brought in for and possible trouble coming up. Loved doing catastrophic engine failure analysis!
 Was only tech on either shift that knew the truck electrical systems well enough in finding powering up ECM problems, and starting trouble. Was lead mechanic on second shift. Trained the young men in diesel school in trouble shooting and helping when coming to a problem they needed help with.
  


 Peterbilt, Greensboro, NC                                          6/04 to 12/04
 Job Responsibilities: Worked second shift, all phases of truck repair except engine work. Did a lot of DOT inspections and generated quite a bit of work from them. Found problems with front/rear suspensions systems, drive line vibrations, rebuild /repair transmissions, final drive (carriers) R/R clutches, A/C problem solving and servicing trucks.     

 Yarbrough Transfer Inc.                                                     12/02 to 6/04
 Job Responsibilities: This Company specialized in hauling extremely heavy equipment of 
 all types. Started in the trailer repair shop to get trailer repairs caught up. Did brake
 work, find out problems like why no life on brake shoes, put new wood down (flooring) air system problems, welding cracks and fractures, suspension work substantial  electrical trouble shoot and repair. Was only mechanic to get lights bright on 3 &amp; 4 section trailers when no one had been able to. Worked on the hydraulic systems that connected neck of trailer to main trailer frame. Was then transferred to truck shop to help other man. 
I did all the electronic engine controls troubleshooting and repair. Had the OEM CAT and Detroit software in laptop for data monitor logger and code checking. There were lots of drivability problems when working with heavy haulers. Because of the loads power was crucial for these trucks.  Did extensive problem solving related to low power problems.  He ran the Series 60 Detroits and Caterpillar 3406E's. 
 I did all major engine work. Repaired problems he had for years with the engines. 
I also did brake, A/C, clutch, suspension work. 

                                        Other Experience

 I have thirty-four years experience as a diesel journeyman. All in all, five years as a shop foreman or lead mechanic. Have learned and retained in these years. Have worked in every area of the diesel industry. Have worked on EMD (locomotive application), Hercules, White, Caterpillar, Cummins, Detroit, Mack (these include the old mechanical engines too), John Deere, Fiat, Perkins, International, Onan, Kubota, Yanmar, Isuzu, Mercedes, Hatz, Farymann, Hino,  Nissan and who knows what others. Worked five years in power generation, which included remote cooling systems, heat exchangers, ATS's adding options to them, troubleshooting with schematics, battery chargers, and block heaters. Was only tech to have any of the LP, Natural gas, or diesel engine driven units to up, running and under full load in ten seconds or less. Able to find heating problems others couldn't fix. Worked locomotives, crawler cranes, agricultural, trucks, construction, industrial power, automotive and some marine applications. Have approximately six years experience as lead man and supervisor roles. Enjoy working with people, but enjoy and work best on my own. Have built a company from day one and got going. Enjoy very much field work and work long hours in cold or heat. Am in excellent health, not married can and will travel as job requires.  

                                       



                                          Education

 Lampeter-Strasburg High School, Lampeter, PA                             
 Graduated in 1976 with Diploma

 Willow St. Vo-Tech, Willow St, PA
 Materials Handling/Warehousing

 Nashville Auto Diesel College, Nashville, TN
 Graduated in 1978 with Diploma in Auto/Diesel Mechanics and Welding

 Cummins Engine Company, Columbus IN
 Gen Set Theory &amp; Troubleshooting

 Cummins Atlantic: On line training in RV gen sets.        

   
  
 
  



  
    C
  
  
    cable
  
  
    calibration
  
  
    frame
  
  
    hydraulics
  
  
    Lighting
    lighting
  
  
    Materials
  
  
    mechanic
  
  
    oil
  
  
    problem solving
    problem solver
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    safety
  
  
    switch
  
  
    tear
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    trouble shooting
    Troubleshooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Warehousing
  
  
    welding
  
  
    wiring
  


