
ALEXANDRA M.OLIVARES
E-mail: Alexandra_m_olivares@yahoo.com
GOVERNMENT SECRET CLEARANCE

VALUE OFFERED
MSGI Occupation Specialty - Training Specialist II with additional duty of Logistician for European Region. DCAM subject matter expert and also performs a wide variety of duties in support of the Medical Communications for Combat Casualty Care (MC4) program.  Possess a proven ability to work and exercise independent judgment in the most austere environments resulting in positive and effective outcomes for the organization. Serves valuable in providing hands on and focused didactic end user training on EHR applications to a vast number health care professionals.   
Military Occupation Specialty - three years experience 68W (Combat Medic)/ EMT. Experience includes a clinical operations background in Health Information Systems, medical electronic records documentation and medical supply. Deployed to Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom 2008-2009. 
Relationship Building - merges solid interpersonal and communication skills to forge, nurture and maintain strong business relationships. Enthusiastically collaborates with internal colleagues to achieve established goals and expectations. 
Knowledge and Expertise - demonstrates expertise in all areas of health care, inventory control, documentation, material expediting and transfer, conflict resolution, staff training and development, and personnel management. 
Team Building and Motivation - effectively communicates with and motivates team members, fostering an atmosphere of teamwork and collaboration with an emphasis on goal attainment.
Customer Service - blends integrity, innovative thinking, and leadership attributes to ensure internal and external customer satisfaction. Displays strong decision-making talents, critical thinking skills, and an unwavering drive to excel. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

U.S. ARMY, FORT HOOD, TX, 09/06 TO 11/09
Health Care Specialist
Responsible for providing emergency medical treatment, limited primary care and health protection and evacuation from a point of injury or illness.
Maintained accurate, up-to-date, patient information and files. Possesses knowledge of AHLTA and CHCS. 
Ensured the timely update of medical records for over 1000 troops while deployed in Iraq.
Employed demonstrated analytical talents to review and evaluate daily and monthly records.
Assisted with outpatient and inpatient care and treatment.
Interviewed patients and recording their medical histories.
Prepared blood samples for laboratory analysis.
Preparing patients, operating rooms, equipment and supplies for surgery.
Sterilized medical equipment.

SPECIALIZED TRAINING

HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) 
VSAT Terminal training
2.1.3.1 ULA training course 
2.1.2.1 ULA training course
Defense Medical Logistics Standard Support (DMLSS)
Medlog training course 
Armed Forces Longitudinal Technology Application - Theater (AHLTA-T) 
Armed Forces Health Longitudinal Technology Application - Mobile (AHLTA-Mobile)
Medical Environment Disease In and Countermeasures (Medic)
MICROMEDEX
Post Deployment Health Assessment (ePDHA) Theater Medical Data Store (TMDS)
Medical Information Program (TMIP) Reports
Business objects
Military Specialized MOS (Combat Medic 2006)

EDUCATION
LaGuardia Community 2005
Barnard College 2005
Enrolled University of Pheonix



  
    premier
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Army
    Armed Forces
  
  
    art
  
  
    computer hardware
    hardware
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Customer Assistance
  
  
    database
  
  
    firewall
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    help desk
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Logistics
    logistics
  
  
    Works
  
  
    network
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Receiving
  
  
    recording
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    servers
  
  
    system administrator
  
  
    systems engineering
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    trainer
  


