
LEANNA YEE
1669 EIGHTEENTH AVENUE * SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA 94122 * (415) 595-0595 * LEANNAYEE@GMAIL.COM
PROFILE	



Experienced risk operations professional recognized for quality, productivity and team building. Strong risk analysis and fraud detection skills with an emphasis on process optimization in an ambiguous environment. Leadership experience in a start-up environment with a commitment to minimizing both financial losses and reputational risks while considering the impact on customer base.	

EXPERIENCE	



Investigations Lead
Responsible for leading team that monitors for suspicious activity and money laundering on Giftcardmall.com &amp; PayPower Visa platforms and Identity Verification/KYC process.
Risk liaison for Issuing bank (MetaBank), third party processors, and law enforcement contacts.
Responsible for responding to all law enforcement inquires (subpoenas, search warrants, etc.) and resolution of consumer complaints (BBB, Attorney General, etc).
Develop risk strategies by auditing business processes to recognize areas of opportunities &amp; implement solutions.
Responsible for managing the risk performance of third party processors to ensure service levels being met.
Collaborate with Customer Service team to reduce hand-off in current processes and improve customer experience. 
2006 - 2009        Prosper Marketplace: Online Lending Platform                        San Francisco, CA
Risk Manager
Develop and lead Risk Management team; decision and resolve escalated cases. 
Utilize analytical skills to identify potential fraud indicators through analyses of financial records, information obtained from third parties, and interviews during investigation process. 
Cross train Customer Support team on fraud detection &amp; prevention initiatives. 
Develop current credit risk management strategy with VP of Credit Risk; partner with CTO and Engineering team to improve current risk management system.
2006	 Google: Adwords Service                                                             Mountain View, CA
Risk Analyst
Detected and prevented fraud by reviewing accounts and transactions, identifying trends, and recommending anti-fraud processes and fraud detection methodologies.
Coordinated chargeback representment process and training procedures; analyzed processes and procedures to ensure that dispute process is effective.
2005                     L.A. Giacobbi and Company: Custom Design Firm                 San Francisco, CA  
Business Coordinator
Managed invoice processing and budget tracking of expense reports; negotiated pricing and completion timeframes with vendors.
Researched and selected new vendors for upcoming projects.
Organized general office maintenance and IT processes; resolved and troubleshoot all operational issues of business.
2002-2005	Tiffany and Company: Luxury Retail Company 	    San Francisco, CA
Client Services Associate
Served as liaison between clientele and service facility; educate new hires and sales staff regarding service standards, policies and procedures.
Maintained vendor relationships; managed records database for clients and vendors.







EDUCATION	



1997-2001	University of Southern California	  Los Angeles, CA
B.S. Business Administration with an emphasis on Marketing Management.
Graduate of the Marshall School of Business Scholar Program.	

SKILLS	



Excellent research and investigation skills; ability to perform in depth research to minimize reputation risks and reduce financial losses.
Demonstrated risk assessment ability in both e-commerce and financial environments; experience monitoring risk from merchant, payment processor, and program manager perspectives.
Familiarity with bank rules and regulations; continuing completion of AML/BSA training and experience with OFAC detection.
Use of confidentiality and impartiality during fraud investigations and risk assessments.
Demonstrated ability in Microsoft Word, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel and SQL; applied knowledge of CRM software (Salesforce), POS system (AS400), and accounting software (Peachtree).
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and successfully analyze problems, recommend, and implement process changes in a high demand setting.
Strong verbal and written communication skills; experienced in working in a collaborative environment.
Experience in working cross-functionally across multi-disciplinary teams; ability to problem solve with Product, Engineering, Legal, Finance, and Customer Support.
Maintains a high degree of confidentiality, professionalism and is proactive in ability to make decisions when essential.
Experience in operational process mapping; ability to audit business processes and recognize areas of opportunities for automation &amp; optimization. 
Experience representing chargeback disputes (Chase Paymentech, American Express, Visa Resolve Online).	


MEMBERSHIP	



Membership of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) 	

















REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST		





  
    accounting software
  
  
    analytical skills
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    Attorney
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    com
  
  
    Credit Risk
    credit risk
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    clientele
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    Customer Support
  
  
    database
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    financial
  
  
    general office
  
  
    law enforcement
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    money
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    Peachtree
  
  
    policies
  
  
    POS
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    processors
  
  
    research
  
  
    risk assessment
  
  
    Risk Management
    risk management
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    troubleshoot
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    warrants
  


