
Brittany M. Flanagan		
6560 Dobbins Lane, LaPlata, Maryland 20646
301-751-8726* bmflanagan115@gmail.com
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
In searching for full-time employment my goals include enhancing computer skills and technology while keeping everyday tasks in administration at the forefront.  Furthering my education in the medical field while sharing my strong core values in the field of customer service where my positive nature and capable work ethic will be recognized and given room to grow.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
St Charles Towne Center  
Private In Home Childcare * Southern Maryland* 2002-Present
Babysitter
Caring for young children ranging in ages from infants to 10 yrs of age.  Providing full weekend care to as many as 4 children at any given time.  
Boston's Gourmet Pizza * Waldorf, Maryland 20601* May 2009-Sept 2009
Restaurant - Family oriented pizzeria offering in house dining and full service carry out menu.  
Hostess
Customer service, greeting and seating of customers. Receiving and processing To Go orders via the phone. Responsible for all monies transferred for orders placed To Go. In addition to general daily housekeeping of store front and restrooms.  
Clinton Chiropractic * Clinton, Maryland 20735 * February 2006-January 2007
Chiropractors Office - Servicing the Clinton area for their Chiropractic needs. 
Receptionist
Greeting patients, processing intake information and directing clients to appropriate area for treatment.
All filing of patient documentation, receivables, mail and the like on a daily basis.
Answered telephones and scheduled appointments accordingly.
EDUCATION
Currently enrolled at The College of Southern Maryland LaPlata Campus since September 2009, studies are focused in the field of General Medicine, Radiology and Psychology. 
Comfortably perform daily tasks in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power Point, Emails, Telephone Communications, Scanning, Facsimile, Shredding Private Documents, Internet Research, Typewriter 60WPM, Label Maker, Shorthand, Software Installation, Postage Machine, Cash Register, Hand Tools and Basic Power Tools 
References furnished upon request









  
    Basic
  
  
    Cash Register
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Customer service
  
  
    directing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Facsimile
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Hand Tools
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Microsoft Power Point
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    Internet Research
  
  
    Postage Machine
  
  
    Power Tools
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Receiving
  
  
    Scanning
  
  
    Shorthand
  
  
    Software Installation
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    Telephone
    telephone
    telephones
    phone
  
  
    Typewriter
    60WPM
  


