
                                                                                     1445 P Street, NW, Apt. 308
                                                                                           Washington, DC 20005
Christina L. Thomas                                                (410) 245-9471 | christina.thomas@gmail.com
Education &amp; Credentials
 Juris Doctor &#183; AMERICAN UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON COLLEGE OF LAW -- Washington, DC
        Activities &amp; Honors:  Business Law Review, Senior Editor &amp; Founding Member, 2010 to 2011
 
     
       
     
    Business Law Brief, Junior Editor, 2009 to 2010
 B.A. in Art History Minor in Psychology &#183; THE GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY -- Washington, DC
        Study Abroad:         COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY -- Venice, Italy
                              Italian Language &amp; Art History, Summer 2006
                              LORENZO DE' MEDICI UNIVERSITY -- Florence, Italy
                              Italian Language &amp; Art History, Fall 2005
Bar Admissions &amp; Professional Associations
 Awaiting results of the February 2012 administration of the Maryland Bar Examination
Professional Experience
 WCL GENERAL PRACTICE CLINICAL PROGRAM, Washington, DC                                      Jan. 2011 to May 2011
 Student Attorney, Civil Practice
 Represented clients in two separate matters, the litigation of a child custody and support case as well as a
 personal bankruptcy proceeding. Conducted depositions and made court appearances on behalf of the client.
 Drafted pleadings, motions, interrogatories and a modified child custody agreement. Researched related
 substantive and procedural laws. Enjoyed extensive contact with clients.
 THOMASON &amp; HESSMER, Bethesda, MD                                                         Sept. 2010 to May 2011
 Law Clerk
 Drafted, edited and reviewed comprehensive estate planning documents including revocable trust agreements,
 pour over wills, powers of attorney, and advanced healthcare directives. Participated in client intake meetings
 as well as numerous client document signings. Completed deed work associated with trust property transfers.
 SASHAY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC, Washington, DC                                               May 2010 to Aug. 2010
 Legal Intern
 Assisted the firm's principal and general counsel with the completion of an intellectual property law
 publication. Researched copyright and trademark issues related to social media, e-commerce, and creative
 content.  Prepared briefs and memorandums summarizing current and proposed legislation.
 SPECIAL COUNSEL, Washington, DC                                                           Dec. 2007 to July 2008
 Project Assistant for Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, LLP
 Maintained case management files and team productivity reports for document review team. Supported staff
 attorneys and paralegals in the electronic discovery process by conducting statistical database research and
 tracking potentially noteworthy and privileged documents. Prepared documents for production.
 TIMOTHY PAUL CARPETS + TEXTILES, Washington, DC                                           Jan. 2007 to Oct. 2007
 Gallery Assistant
 Processed client purchase orders and created client invoices using QuickBooks. Developed store marketing
 materials and magazine advertisements that were featured in Washington Life Magazine.
 BI WORLDWIDE, Baltimore, MD and Los Angeles, CA                                           Oct. 2006 to Jan. 2007
 Brand Ambassador for Jeep Wrangler
 Launched and supported live marketing campaigns at the Baltimore Zoo and LA Auto Show. Engaged trade
 show visitors in various promotional activities. Advertised the event to local media and car dealerships.
Additional Skills
 Advanced Microsoft Word, Powerpoint and Excel user. Intermediate Italian and conversational Spanish
 language skills. Adept Westlaw and LexisNexis researching skills. Highly skilled CaseMap, Amici and
 Concordance software user.



  
    accounting
  
  
    advertisements
  
  
    attorney
  
  
    Business Law
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    database
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    Editor
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Italian
  
  
    law
  
  
    litigation
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing
 materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    publication
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    researching
    research
  
  
    conversational Spanish
  
  
    Westlaw
  


