
JOSEPH LAROSA, CSM, CTM

28 Rinehart Road * Ladera Ranch, CA * 92694 * 949-28-1531 * jlarosa@cox.net


DIRECTOR, PROJECT MANAGEMENT

Project Management ~ Process Improvement ~ Application Development

Multi-talented collaborative software professional with a proven track record delivering domestic and multinational software products for Xerox, Triconix, Wonderware, Fluor, Kaiser Permanente and Rational Software.  Background includes managing delivery of mission critical software, firmware, and simulation software employing a variety of methodologies and lifecycles.  Additional experience in sales and technical consulting for commercial and DOD organizations.

* Project Management
* Certified Scrum Master
* Certified Toastmaster
* Process Improvement
* Teambuilding
* CMM
* Offshore Development
* Software Development
* Process Tools

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE

KAISER PERMANENTE, Pasadena, CA	(2006-2007)
Integrated managed care organization with 8.4 million members and $31.1 billion in revenue
Senior Project Manager (contract) in mega-project PMO
Integrate, track, and oversight for multiregional multi-system government mandated enhancement.

AMERIQUEST MORTGAGE, Orange, CA 	 (2004-2006)
Leading home mortgage lender servicing over $60 billion in loans.
Project Management Office Director
Manage the PMO for a major division primarily responsible for development process improvement, methodology, and tools including Clarity and Rational RequisitePro, ClearCase, ClearQuest, TestManager, and XDE in addition to Change Management and Quality Assurance.
AMERIQUEST ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Implemented standard SDLC and project management practices across 300 person development team.
Spearheaded redesign of process documents to support software development, deployment, and infrastructure efforts in a SOX compliant environment.

XEROX CORPORATION, El Segundo, CA	 (1995-2003)	
Worldwide document management company with $15 billion in annual revenue.
XEROX ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Consolidated 5 overlapping products into one product line and launched effort to consolidate on J2EE platform utilizing Java and XML.
Achieved savings of $3MM per year by streamlining organization supporting newly launched product. 
Turned around a struggling development department to regain predictable on-time delivery of high quality software products by promoting managers from within to fill critically responsible positions. 
Generated savings of over a million dollars and no disruption to ongoing projects by utilizing offshore development resources in Singapore, India, and Great Britain. 

Senior Manager, Enterprise Output Management Systems Development (1995-2003)

Managed the design, development, delivery, testing, implementation, and support of all enterprise output management software applications.
Lead a cross-functional team charged with setting the corporate technology direction for future software products.
Directed all aspects of the operations effort to develop, test, support, and deliver these software products.
Directed a 50-person applications development and support team in the United States, with additional offshore resources in India, Singapore, and the UK to deliver those products.

RATIONAL SOFTWARE, Irvine, CA							(1988-1995)
Leading provider of integrated solutions that automate the software development process, with $600 million in annual revenue.

Major Account Project Manager (1995)
Instructed and consulted customers on object-oriented design, configuration management, architecture, product management, and integration processes.
Consulted, trained and sold software development tools, processes, and services, and supported customers in their use.
Customers included Hughes, TRW, Northrop, NOSC, JPL, Rockwell, and Boeing
Named Account Sales (1994)
Took on sales responsibilities during pre-IPO stage due to reduction in regular sales force.
Achieved $1 million annual sales target. 

Senior Software Engineering Specialist (1988-94)
Worked with the team that developed UML and RUP.
Instructed and consulted with clients on the practice of Object Oriented design and architecture.
Designed product architecture and integration process; implemented the integration process.
Consulted with clients on state-of-the-art design and implementation tools and methodologies to reduce integration inconsistencies and enable faster time to test.


EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Science 
WEST COAST UNIVERSITY, Orange, CA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, Fullerton, CA
Awarded Top Computer Science Graduate Certificate
Phi Kappa Phi
AFFILIATIONS
Project Management Institute (PMI)
Toastmasters International, CTM



  
    art
  
  
    automate
  
  
    automation
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Change Management
  
  
    ClearCase
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    configuration management
  
  
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    document management
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Office
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Object Oriented design
    object-oriented design
  
  
    process improvement
    processes
  
  
    product management
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    RUP
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    software development
  
  
    UML
  
  
    XML
  


