
Jenice M. Ayoola, PHR
4082 Fort Sumter Landing						770-485-7489
Acworth, GA  30101							Jayoola1@msn.com

					   Key Competencies

Employee Relations				Staff Recruitment and Retention
Regulatory Compliance			Compensation Design - Job Analysis
Conflict Resolution				Training and Development
Performance Management			Organizational Change Management
AAP, FLSA, EEO, HRIS				Orientation and Onboarding

Accomplished  Director, Human Resources, with extensive years of steadily increasing human resources operational responsibilities.  Background includes strong generalist and management experience, including developing performance standards and metrics, recruitment and staffing, employee development and training programs, compensation design and employee relations.  Advise and consult with management team on complex matters impacting business unit productivity goals. Use current human resources practices and employment law to provide effective problem resolution solutions to organization.  
Professional Experience

Director Human Resources
MedAssets, Inc - Alpharetta, GA						     3/2004 - 12/2011
Publicly traded healthcare revenue technology company serving 180 health systems, 4,000 hospitals and 90,000 non acute healthcare providers.

Effectively perform complex projects using strong analytical skills, appropriate research and legal interpretations.

Developed staffing plans for business units based upon new business closing data.  Evaluated internal skill assessment profiles to ensure qualified incumbents considered for potential lateral/promotional opportunities.

Created and delivered supervisor/leadership development programs.  Conducted training assessments and needs analysis.  

Partner with talent acquisition team to ensure compliance with business unit staffing plans. 

Proactively address retention of critical talent.  Implemented  retention plan which included career development program, 360 degree analysis and feedback, job shadowing and mentoring programs --which resulted in reduced turnover by 10%.

Streamlined internal recruitment and transfer process resulting in decreased time to fill critical positions.  Created reports using HRIS system to gather historical transfer data, demographic information, department attrition detail.

Researched and selected new background check vendor resulting in savings of $15,000 a year.

Advised hiring manager on compensation strategy and process, conduct market data surveys and research similar industries to support and justify job leveling recommendations to management.  

Ensure positions classified appropriately based upon Fair Labor Standards act regulations.  


Jenice Ayoola, PHR									   Page 2
Jayoola1@msn.com
770-485-7489
Sr. Manager, Human Resources
Compris Technologies, Kennesaw GA				          	  2/1998 - 2/2004
A wholly owned subsidiary of NCR, develops software products for the restaurant and hospitality industries.

Consultative support to management regarding employee relations and employment related issues.  Remained abreast of legislation and labor laws to ensure compliance with government regulations.

Established and maintained performance standards and metrics, recruitment process, employee development programs and managed the payroll process for newly acquired business unit of NCR.

Developed policies and procedures and directed the interpretation and communication of policies.

Advised management on issues impacting the organization and recommended comprehensive solutions. 

Train and advise managers on appropriate disciplinary actions to effectively manage performance problems.  Communicate the performance improvement plan (PIP) procedures to employees to ensure understanding of the policy and their responsibilities while on the PIP.

Wrote job descriptions, post open positions internally and externally.  Screen job requisitions to ensure accurate description of positions, including approved pay scale.
Manager, Employee Relations
TheraTx, Inc.								2/1995 - 1/1998
Leading nationwide healthcare rehabilitation company

Managed all aspects of employee relations and resolution of any employment-related issues.  Served as subject-matter expert to advise management on current legislation and labor laws affecting employees in multiple states.  Managed team of employee relations specialist.
Investigated and resolved employee complaints (e.g. sexual harassment, unfair treatment and wrongful discharge) resulting in decreased legal expenditures.
Reviewed yearly Affirmative Action Plan results to ensure recruitment efforts focused on identifying underutilized candidates during the sourcing process.
Directed the recruitment function ensuring the attraction and retention of qualified exempt and non exempt employees; implemented company wide job posting policy.
Trained field managers on conflict resolution techniques, corrective action plans, effective coaching and communication skills.
Provided consultative service on reductions in force, resource realignments and job eliminations.

Developed position statements in response to discrimination charges with 80% success rate in dismissed charges.
Jenice Ayoola, PHR								         Page 3
Jayoola1@msn.com
770-485-7489
					Education and Skills
Master of Arts in Public Administration - Concentration in Human Resources Management
Western Michigan University, Kalamazoo, MI
Thurgood Marshall Fellowship

Bachelor of Science in Business Education, Western Michigan University, Kalamazoo, MI

Professional Development:
FLSA Mistakes and How to Avoid Them
Affirmative Action Planning
Workplace Laws, Fisher &amp; Phillips, LLP
EEO Compliance Update
Certificate - Human Resources Leadership Academy - University of Georgia 


HRIS/HRM applications and Microsoft Office Suite (MS Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Applicant Tracking Systems) 

Society for Human Resources Management (SHRM)
Healthcare Business Women's Association (HBA)
Mayor's Youth Program Volunteer - Key to Corporate Survival Workshops
Hands On Atlanta Volunteer - Resume Workshops







  
    analytical skills
  
  
    closing
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    communication skills
  
  
    conflict resolution
  
  
    employee relations
  
  
    government
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    HRIS
  
  
    human resources management
    Human Resources
    Human Resources Management
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    leadership development
  
  
    legal
  
  
    market
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
    power point
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    needs analysis
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    research
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    Teaching
  
  
    employee development
  


