
Jeffrey Sinofsky
7214 Verbena Road  Baltimore, Maryland 21209  Telephone: 410.415.0417  Mobile: 410.627.2037
Email: jeff_sinofsky@hotmail.com



Director of Professional Services - Software Pre-Sales &amp; Enterprise Implementations

Specialty Areas

Business Processing Reengineering  Conducting Client Needs Assessments  Maximizing Technology Investments
Utilizing Benchmark &amp; Best Practices Techniques  Multi-Platform Integrations  Developing Project Methodologies

BS (Concentration in Computer Information Systems), Director of Professional Services - Software Pre-Sales &amp; Enterprise Implementations, with more than 15 years of revenue generation and enterprise software implementation experience that consistently supported short-term and long-term operational objectives for clients such as: Boeing, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, and the U.S. Navy.

Experience encompasses serving as Director of Worldwide Services for THINQ Learning Solutions in Baltimore, Maryland, charged with managing 25 full-time employees that focused on serving 254 global customers with implementing custom built Learning Management Software and eLearning applications that generated $11.2 million in annual gross revenues.



Career Highlights

Led a 3-member team to extract code from a SaaS B2B model for the purpose of converting to a standalone behind the firewall solution operating on a different platform. This major initiative was estimated at 45 working days and was completed in only 48 calendar days to meet the customer's (Achieve Global) sales kick-off meeting.

Entrusted by THINQ Learning Solutions senior management with orchestrating a multi-million dollar project with the U.S. Navy to implement the Learning Management System (LMS) on all ships and submarines.  Consequently, the solution became part of the standard build process making it the only Learning Solution to be incorporated on all sailing vessels in the fleet.

Defined and managed a project with USA.gov (formerly FirstGov) designed to integrate several large government agencies FAQ's (Social Security Administration, General Services Administration, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, etc.) into the USA.gov (the people's website), which provided a single on-line resource for the people of the United States to search for government related information.

Defined the specifications and design of the first Self-Service Web-Enabled registration system for Instructor Led Classes for THINQ Learning Solutions.  Subsequently, this component became the basis for the ongoing development of a real-time Self-Service module that facilitated the rollout of the LMS across 13 countries.  



Benefit Statement

A convincing and credible communicator with a unique blend of software sales and enterprise implementation background that consistently delivered large-scale, multi-million dollar projects for some of the largest federal, state agencies and higher education institutions in the country. In one instance, built a public sector professional services organization that produced up to 20% of the overall company revenue stream.



Key Areas of Competencies

Conflict Resolution
Formal Presentation Skills

Risk Analysis &amp; Mitigation
Project Leadership by Example

Project Life Cycle Management
Multiple Project Management

Client Relationship Management (CRM)
Creating a Shared Pre-Sales Vision

Strict Adherence to Quality Assurance Standards
Technical Startup/Turnaround Situations





. 




Jeffrey Sinofsky											            Page Two



RightNow Technologies, Bozeman, Montana	(Recruited by ImageScan, Inc.) 2004 to 2007	

(Provides on-demand customer experience solutions that assist consumer-centric organization that assist consumer-centric organizations deliver outstanding customer experiences)

Director, Professional Services - Primary duties focused on building the public sector professional services organization of an enterprise Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software company. The public sector includes state, local and federal government, and higher education institutions making up 20% of the overall revenue. 

Charged with supporting the public sector sales force to increase gross software and professional services sales from $1 million to $20 million in a 2-year period.

THINQ Learning Solutions, Baltimore, Maryland	(Left due to company being sold) 1995 to 2004	

(A provider of Learning Management System software used worldwide to help organizations track the skills and competencies of their largest assets, and employees.)

Director, Worldwide Services - Responsibilities included building corporate leadership and organizational infrastructure to grow and develop global consulting organization.

Worked with a team of 25 analysts and cross-functional technical experts to create capability for evolving the Learning Management System into a state-of-the-art Hunan Capital Management System by implementing critical skills and competencies, which proved instrumental in allowing organizations like HP to facilitate a talent management assessment with the ability to integrate the Compaq organization into one HP company.



Education &amp; Professional Development

BS, Business Administration (focus on computer information systems)	University of Baltimore, Baltimore, Maryland, 1994	




Endorsements

"Working with Jeff was a pleasure his professional manner, experience in software and demonstrated business expertise was evident in every encounter."
. Jacki Sutton-Holmes, Business Dev Manager - Principal - Alliance Manager, RightNow Technologies

"Jeff is an astute, well spoken manager who can clearly articulate complex ideas. His role as manager has earned my respect. Jeff's willingness to go to bat for those that report to him has gained him a loyal following including mine."
. Alex Ong, CRM Consultant, RightNow Technologies

"Jeff was an extremely effective Director of Professional Services. He was always very knowledgeable and responsive to the customer's needs. He was great to work with!"
Beth Gantz, Account Executive, THINQ Learning Solutions

"I have personally known and worked with Jeff since 1996. I have found him to be a consummate professional, leading team of professionals through a morass of challenges. Jeff has always been a take-charge person who is able to present creative solutions and communicate the benefits. Jeff's ability to mentor a team ranging from support staff to senior management has been demonstrated through increased productivity throughout his career.  He consistently demonstrates his ability to take charge in all areas of an enterprise.  I highly recommend Jeff's work and he would make a great asset to any organization."
Michael Skinner, Director of Configuration, Peoples Health



  
    art
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    Compaq
  
  
    Conflict Resolution
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
    CRM
  
  
    Client
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    designing
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    firewall
  
  
    functional
  
  
    funds
  
  
    government
  
  
    HP
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    Instructor
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Navy
  
  
    communicator
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    Presentation Skills
  
  
    processors
  
  
    Project Management
    Project Leadership
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    Relationship Management
  
  
    Risk Analysis
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    unique
  
  
    Vision
  
  
    website
  
  
    workflow
  


