
SHERRI OBERMARK




SHERRI OBERMARK
Cincinnati, Ohio * sherri.obermark@gmail.com * 513-388-6904
COMPUTER SYSTEMS VALIDATION MANAGER
Goal-focused, detail-driven, and technically savvy in planning and executing major QA / Testing initiatives
Well-versed in a breadth of leading-edge platforms, languages, methodologies, and testing tools
Respected leader and coach of top-notch, multidisciplinary technical teams
Highly adept at coordinating testing and validation of emerging technologies across multiple releases by formulating and executing sophisticated test strategies for multi-platform product suites. Excel at liaising with cross-functional teams, senior leadership, and clients to foster cohesive development and testing environments; verifiable record of releasing product suites that require minimal post-release patching. History of advancing business goals by validating computer systems, which create substantial improvements in operational efficiency.   
Technical and Management Strengths:
Visionary Leadership
Functional Specifications
Training &amp; Development	Test Development &amp; Execution
Test Scripts &amp; Process Automation 
Software/Hardware Validation	Performance Measurement
Client / Vendor Relations
Process Documentation	


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KENDLE INTL, Cincinnati, Ohio 	
Quality Control / Compliance Test Lead, 7/2006 - 10/2010
Directed world-class QA/QC teams in coordinating validation, measurement, enhancement and administration of software engineering processes for several major pharmaceutical clients. Facilitate concept and delivery of validation documentation including user, functional, system requirements, specifications, and risk assessments, as well as vendor auditing, validation planning, system / network design, and final validation reports. 
Partner with project leads to develop and refine 	quality control processes and determine testing scope. Performed in-depth analysis and review of project documentation for use in preparing detailed test schedules and plans. Contribute to development and updating of IT SOPs and guidelines pertaining to testing of COTS and proprietary software. 
Instrumental in ensuring accuracy of regulated, proprietary and financial data, and in providing support for data gathering and protocol execution. 
Championed recommendation and implementation of software metrics in support of quality improvement initiatives.
US DATA MANAGEMENT LLC, Ventura, California	
Senior QA / Validation Engineer, 2/2005- 2/2007
Delivered software QA consulting services to major pharmaceutical clients including VaxGen, Stryker, Salix, Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc., and Isotis Orthobiologics. Performed all aspects of testing and validation for complex software engineering processes to fulfill goal of ensuring accuracy of regulated, proprietary, and financial data. Facilitated technical support for data gathering and protocol execution. Designed and delivered a wide array of validation documentation.
Successfully provided validation engineering for a breadth of consulting projects encompassing software such as Livelink,  Ross iRenaissance, Great Plains, LabCat, ISOtrain, QUMAS, and Argus Safety Web. 
Skillfully employed expertise as validation expert to ensure FDA, 21CFRPart11, and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance.
DYNPORT VACCINE COMPANY LLC, Frederick, Maryland	
Livelink Administrator / Process Engineer / Principle Document Specialist, 4/2001- 2/2005
Coordinated design and implementation of validation protocols. Conceptualized, scripted and executed test scripts. Prepared and submitted FDA reports. Conducted studies of pharmaceutical computer systems for commercial and Department of Defense (DoD) clients. Consolidated user requirements into functional requirements documentation to comply with FDA, DoD, and Army regulations. Facilitated knowledge management programs to maintain detailed knowledge of 21CFR11 requirements. Coordinated GAMP 4 risk analysis of computer systems. Performed software upgrades, database development, and backup / disaster recovery procedures. 
Steered design, deployment, and validation of integrated digital environments (IDE).
Established document management and archival procedures. 
Honored with Excellence in Business Initiative award through CSC Federal Sector Employee Recognition Program.
PRIMARK CORPORATION, Bethesda, Maryland	
Manager, Text and Image Production, 5/1997 - 4/2001
Supervised, trained and mentored 10-member team, and managed $2M operating budget. Coordinated production of financial and text database products by incorporating data from Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and other industry data feeds. Conducted software testing and quality control of data and database products. Composed and executed RFPs for external data entry. Formulated functional requirements and definition documents for key database operations and technical projects. Drafted and executed test protocols for Web and Windows GUI applications. Created training programs for database operations staff.  
Partnered with product managers to define and document requests for new products and product enhancements.

*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Prior experience as Director, Criminal Research Operations, and Director, Data Integrity for The US Registry, Inc. in Rockville, Maryland

EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS
Bachelor of Arts in English
DOWLING COLLEGE, Oakdale, New York
Professional Development: Web &amp; Computer Design
Technical Proficiencies:
Platforms:	Windows XP/Vista/7, Mac OS, UNIX	

Software:	Team Foundation Server, QUMAS EDMS, Microsoft CRM, TOAD, MS SharePoint, DataLabs, TrialMaster, Ross iRenissance, Livelink, Argus Safety/Argus Safety Web, LabCat, ISOtrain, Great Plains, SLIM, SLIMStat+, Freezerworks, PVA, Workshare, OnTime, QUMAS eDoc Compliance, CoreDossier, MS Office (Project, Visio, Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Adobe Photoshop Elements, QuarkXPress, Client Access (AS400 Connectivity), SPSS, Adobe Acrobat, MS FrontPage, FTP, SAP, Interleaf's Author Editor	

Databases:	SQL, Oracle, MS Access	

Programming:	HTML, XML, JavaScript, AS400 Query (Discoverer), SQL	










SHERRI OBERMARK




Continued. 









Continued.  



  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Army
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    backup
  
  
    budget
  
  
    coach
  
  
    concept
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Client
    clients
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    Databases
    database
  
  
    database development
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    document management
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Editor
  
  
    financial
  
  
    MS FrontPage
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GAMP 4
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    Interleaf
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    knowledge management
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    Access
    MS Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Word
  
  
    network design
  
  
    OQ
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    PQ
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    quality improvement
    QA
    quality control
  
  
    QuarkXPress
  
  
    risk analysis
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Sarbanes-Oxley
  
  
    Securities
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    software engineering
  
  
    software testing
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    SPSS
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    technical documentation
  
  
    TOAD
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    validation
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Author
  
  
    XML
  


