
Shelia Horn
177 Brunswick Street, Newark, N.J. 07114
Telephone: (H) 540-483-0338 (C) 973-634-6540    
E-Mail:  sdhorn1@msn.com


I am multi-faceted professional person of respect and integrity to treat each customer, associate, vendor and investor with the deserving respect and integrity of an individual. I strive towards understanding and anticipating what a customer wants, and more importantly, delivering what they truly value.


Professional Experience

Controller									2006 - 2007	
M. Management, Inc                                                                                                                
215 Coles Street
Jersey City, New Jersey, 07310

Direct management of fifty plus domestic and International financial statement.  From accounts payable through completed Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss and Cash Flows.
Manager of Accounting Department using 15 different accounting software programs, 
Including garment and construction programs, integrated with FRX and Crystal Report Writers. 
Operating multiple business entities, Corporations, LLC, and partnerships through, audits, compilations and reviews, working directly reporting firms. Maintain direct accountability for coordination, planning and execution of accounting functions for this franchisee, operating multiple business entities; including storage long and short term rental space rental. Guarantee Records Management Storage Facilities, Productions Houses, Gas and Service Station Locations, Event Space Rentals
 Accounting; prepare and analyze financial statements and month end reports. Establish internal controls and operating procedures to encompass all entities. Manager of accounting, payroll and customer service departments.
Position specific competencies; ability to gather relate and compare data from difference sources, to successfully manage multiple projects and allocate resources, makes responsible commitments to others and follow through, strong oral, written and presentation skills, demonstrate experience and competence in office productivity tools, operate within high standards for quality customer service, ability to make decisions, render judgments, or take action, detailed oriented, demonstrate financial planning and analysis, ability to understand integrate various business operations and processes and to use financial data to make accurate decisions, demonstrate skills in accounting and related areas.




Shelia Horn
177 Brunswick Street, Newark, N.J. 07114
Telephone: (H) 540-483-0338 (C) 973-634-6540    
E-Mail:  sdhorn1@msn.com




Accounting Controller                                                                                                           2001 - 2004
Hotel Waterfront Ivy		
7445 E. Chaparral Road							
Scottsdale, Arizona 85250

 	
Performed all phases of accounting and financial management for this hotel.  
Processed accounts payable accounts receivable and payroll reports; reconciled daily cash receipts and sales; prepared and processed all government reports, for this publicly traded company, a subsidiary of Host Marriott.
Conducted comprehensive inventory and accounting audits.  
Instrumental in the integration of new software programs and accounting procedures.
Position specific competencies; ability to gather relate and compare data from difference sources, to successfully manage multiple projects and allocate resources, makes responsible commitments to others and follow through, strong oral, written and presentation skills, demonstrate experience and competence in office productivity tools, operate within high standards for quality customer service, ability to make decisions, render judgments, or take action, detailed oriented, demonstrate financial planning and analysis, ability to understand integrate various business operations and processes and to use financial data to make accurate decisions, demonstrate skills in accounting and related areas
 
 
Controller									1994 - 2001
Discount Car and Truck Rentals							
Hayden Road
Scottsdale, Arizona 85210


Maintain direct accountability for the coordination, planning and execution of accounting functions for this franchisee, operating multiple business entities; in vehicle rentals and used car sales.  
Coordinate and facilitate multi-entry accounting; prepare and analyze financial statements and month-end reports.
Establish internal controls and operating procedures to encompass all entities.
Administrative head of the accounting, payroll, and customer service departments.
Operating multiple business entities, Corporations, LLC, and partnerships through, audits, compilations and reviews, working directly reporting firms. Maintain direct accountability for coordination, planning and execution of accounting functions for this franchisee, operating multiple business entities; in vehicle rental and used car sales. Coordinate and facilitate multi-entry accounting; prepare and analyze financial statements and month end reports. Establish internal controls and operating procedures to encompass all entities. Manager of accounting, payroll and customer service departments.
Position specific competencies; ability to gather relate and compare data from difference sources, to successfully manage multiple projects and allocate resources, makes responsible commitments to others and follow through, strong oral, written and presentation skills, demonstrate experience and competence in office productivity tools, operate within high standards for quality customer service, ability to make decisions, render judgments, or take action, detailed oriented, demonstrate financial planning and analysis, ability to understand integrate various business operations and processes and to use financial data to make accurate decisions, demonstrate skills in accounting and related areas.


Shelia Horn
177 Brunswick Street, Newark, N.J. 07114
Telephone: (H) 540-483-0338 (C) 973-634-6540    
E-Mail:  sdhorn1@msn.com
 




Education

University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ								      
Master of Business Administration
Credits 53 of 60 

DeVry University, AZ							       
Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting
February 1992

Computer Skills

Sage - Mas90, 200, 500;   ADP; Check Point, QuickBooks; Great Plains, Real world, PeopleSoft, Aims, Solomon, Great Plains , Timberline. JD Edwards, Support Applications Program (SAP), Cognos (various ad hoc reporting) Oracle, UNIX, Using Crystal, FRX and various report writers.
Microsoft Certified Professional; MFGPRO; TSD - Point of Sale; and BNA - Fixed Asset Management.
As a professional I am certified in various hardware and software to support industry.





Other

The State of New Jersey
Notary Public Commission - I.D. NO.: 2332896                 Year   2/2005

County Substitute Teacher's Certificate
State of New Jersey - I.D. NO.: 276983                                     Year 6/2005





  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    accounting software
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    ADP
  
  
    ad
  
  
    Aims
  
  
    Asset Management
  
  
    Balance Sheet
  
  
    bookkeeping
  
  
    business operations
  
  
    Cognos
  
  
    oral
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    computer Training
  
  
    Crystal
  
  
    Crystal Report
  
  
    Client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial planning and analysis
  
  
    financial management
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    government
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    JD Edwards
  
  
    Lecturing
  
  
    Mas90
  
  
    MFGPRO
  
  
    Microsoft Certified Professional
  
  
    office
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    presentation skills
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Profit and Loss
  
  
    quality
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Sage
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Solomon
  
  
    Timberline
  
  
    Time Management
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    written
  


