
Ellen Rogers, CPA
612 Stoney Creek Road  Woodstock, GA 30188  Phone: 678-294-4180  Email: ellen.rogerscpa@comcast.net
Controller / Financial Executive
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT with 12 years of experience combining cross-functional competencies in all phases of accounting, information systems, and staff supervision and management. Proficient in managing and developing financial reports and controls using staffing and technology efficiencies. Talented leader adept at P&amp;L management, accounts payable, accounts receivable, financial statements and analysis, general ledger, data warehousing, and project management. Expertise in analyzing, developing and implementing stringent cost-reduction measures. Ability to contribute as a team player and interface with professionals on all levels. Expertise in identifying troublesome areas and implementing corrective measures. Expertise includes:

Corporate Accounting
Controllership &amp; Decision Support
Budget/Forecast Variance Analysis
Compliance
Budgets, Forecast &amp; Financial Modeling
Process Reengineering
Internal Control
Financial and Management Reporting
Technology Integration

Computer skills: Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint, SAP Business Objects, Crystal, Great Plains JD Edwards, Lawson, and StarBuilder
Professional Licensing and Education
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT, State of Georgia
University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg MS
B.A., Accounting
Mississippi State University, Starkville, MS
B.S., MIS 
Professional Experience
Controller (contract position)   (2005 to 2006)
Recruited to manage a three person accounting department. Maintained all aspects of general ledger including: month-end closing and accruals, and analysis of general ledger accounts. Oversaw all cash management, accounting procedures and program administration, including accounts payable, payroll, accounts receivable, and personnel development.  
   Key Accomplishments:
Developed financial statements, analyzed business trends and daily operating costs. 
Evaluated and drafted annual operating and financial budgets, and prepared monthly variance reports for senior management.  
Assisted with preparation of due diligence reporting package to support M&amp;A activities.  

Ellen Rogers, CPA											      Page 1 of 2
Ellen Rogers, CPA  ellen.rogerscpa@comcast.net
Smith &amp; Carson, Atlanta, GA
Assistant Vice President of Finance  (2005  to 2005)
Managed a five-person financial department, including overseeing payables, accounts receivables, compliance, cash flow, billing, payroll, taxes and operations.  Prepared monthly, quarterly, and annual reports summarizing and forecasting company business activities and financial position in areas of income, expenses, and earnings based on past, present, and expected operations.  Evaluated and drafted annual operating and financial budgets, and prepared monthly variance reports for senior management.


Colin Service Systems, Alpharetta, GA
Corporate Controller   (2004 to 2005)	
Charged with relocating corporate accounting and administrative functions to newly established Alpharetta office.  Hired, trained and supervised a staff of seven.  Directed daily operations of accounts payable, billing, cash flow, payroll, and financial reporting.   Streamlined policies to minimize redundant procedures.  Maintained all aspects of general ledger including month-end closing and accruals and analysis of general ledger accounts. Evaluated and drafted annual operating and financial budgets, and prepared monthly variance reports for senior management. 
   Key Accomplishments:
Successfully relocate all accounting functions to Alpharetta office.
Established processes and procedures to improve efficiency of payroll operations.  
Reduced number of payroll errors and improved timely delivery of payroll.
Managed external audit engagements; sale and use tax and workers compensation.
Assisted owners with the close of Alpharetta office following sale of company. 
Supervised closure of all open transactions, led employee terminations, and secured all company documents to offsite storage facility.
Key player in collections efforts following sale of company.
Secured $2 million of outstanding accounts receivable via development and execution of collections letters and communication with clients. 



Rogers Electric, Alpharetta, GA
Controller / Director of IT   (2000 to 2004)
Managed accounting operation encompassing payables, accounts receivables, billing, payroll, taxes and operations.  Maintained all aspects of general ledger including month-end closing and accruals and analysis of general ledger accounts. Prepared monthly, quarterly, and annual reports summarizing and forecasting company business activities and financial position in areas of income, expenses, and earnings based on past, present, and expected operations. Monitored network systems and notified appropriate technical personnel of system problems.  Managed software development team and supported users with word processing, spreadsheet and accounting software. Coordinated, supervised, and implemented technology related adds, moves, and changes.
    Key Accomplishments:
Developed comprehensive annual budgets, and provided accurate and timely monthly reports to control budget overruns.
Maintained fixed asset schedules.
Prepared and filed monthly sales /use tax and yearly 1099 reports.
Managed external audit engagements; sale and use tax,workers compensation and yearly financial audits.
Designed and implemented new Accounts Payable system to transform manual system to computerized format.
Improved accuracy and reduced month end close schedule by automating reporting process.
Developed access database that linked to accounting software. Using Access built tables, queries and reports that eliminated manual report inputs.
Improved month end close schedule from 15 business days to 7 business days.
Reduced accounts payable staff by 1.    







  
    .net
  
  
    accounting
  
  
    accounting software
  
  
    accounts payable
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    accounts receivable
    accounts receivables
  
  
    accruals
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    ad
  
  
    automate
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    Business Objects
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    cash management
  
  
    closing
  
  
    network systems
  
  
    CPA
    CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT
  
  
    Crystal
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    data warehouse
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    due diligence
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial analysis and reporting
    financial reporting
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    general ledger
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    JD Edwards
  
  
    Lawson
  
  
    letters
  
  
    management skills
  
  
    Access
    access database
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    payables
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Reengineering
    reengineering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    software development
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    tables
  
  
    tax
    taxes
  
  
    word processing
  
  
    annual reports
  


