
296 OLD GLORY COURT, FREMONT CA 94539
PHONE: 510-676-9383   EMAIL: seema.barman@gmail.com
LINKEDIN PROFILE: http://www.linkedin.com/in/seemabarmanlinkedinprofile


SEEMA BARMAN
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS	



Extensive channel marketing &amp; program management experience with Software/Hardware companies. 
Dynamic record of top performance in driving revenue and achieving business goals and objectives
Ability to adapt to, learn quickly and thrive in fast paced environment
Team Player, Self-motivated and Results Oriented. 	

EDUCATION	

San Jose State, CA, MBA in Marketing with a 3.9 GPA
Allahabad University, India, BA in Psychology, Economics and English (graduating top 10% of the class)	

 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 	


Infreeda, Senior Channel Marketing Manager, (Feb 2006 - August 2006)
Managed strategy development and execution of all channel marketing programs for Voice over IP, Corporate Directory Assistance and Alliance partners.
Developed and launched an incentive based Partner offering and Partner Tool Kit.
Successful program implementation above saw CDA channel grow to 2.9% (97% MOM growth from 0.9% in March) and VoIP Channel grow to over 1.74% (397% MOM growth from 0.34% in March).
Launched channel tools/incentives to gain incremental mindshare for the Infreeda value-proposition.
Proposed different methodologies for ongoing lead generation efforts, including a very effective reverse look up tactic for acquiring Corporate Accounts.
Proposed &amp; launched successful Mobile Conversion Program for Carriers, which resulted in a jump of 411 calls by over 235% in 3 months.
Reason for change: Infreeda was unable to secure next round of funding and closed complete operations in August 2006.

City Of Fremont, Marketing Contractor (August - December 2004 &amp; August - December 2005)
Managed the national 'Make a Diff Day' program for the City of Fremont involving 1500+ people.
Successfully launched all MarCom materials, PR, outreach and event logistics for a city-wide effort.
Achieved a record number of 47 projects (Fremont had SECOND highest no. of projects in the nation) with 5 press overages of the event in 2004.
Achieved 34 projects involving 1,100+ Fremont residents and business organizations in 2005.
SAIB Enterprises, Marketing Manager (July 2001 - June 2004)
Worked in collaboration with 3 major design firms of India for the release of latest designer goods in US. 
Achieved primary goals of lead generation and awareness by year-end with successful monthly exhibits.
Led aggressive PR strategy with results (3 press reviews in FH 2003, one being the front cover of SJM.
Acquired more than 350 clients in the local Bay Area and major accounts in TX, NJ, and LA by second year.
Sygate Technologies (now a part of Symantec), Channel Marketing Manager, (May 2000 - June 2001)
Identified and helped define the Sygate channel partner strategy in the security market.
Launched (tiered level compelling offers to recruit MSPs/ISPs/SIs/VARs) partner program within 60 days of joining Sygate and had responsibility for the Online, Affiliate &amp; Reseller Channels.
Implemented improved channel communication vehicles including quarterly Partner newsletter; bi-monthly Reseller Email Updates, besides proposing highly successful 'Security' newsletter.
Managed roll-out and implementation of new Channel Partner Program at the N+I event; drove partner/channel sales adoption for optimum utilization of new tools including traffic to new Partner Extranet
Managed the outbound telemarketing effort with BI (from the selection of the right vendor to developing a closed loop process for the Sygate sales team).
Managed co-marketing OEM activities, including a successful upgrade campaign with Linksys (creation of an in-box insert with bundle product and mutual web referrals with partner).
Launched several marketing campaigns (newsletter sponsorships linking to a jump page with lead screening criteria) with CMP Channel Web, NW Fusion with over 4% returns.
Reason for change: 20% of marketing &amp; sales were let go as of June 2001 due to lack of funding.

Adaptec (later called Roxio), Channel Marketing Programs Specialist, Contractor (October 1999 - May 2000)
Managed Consumer Channel Marketing program activities for Adaptec's CD Recording Software Division.
Involved in the strategy, budgeting and planning of all program activities for the Retail/Distribution channel.
Worked closely with cross-functional corporate teams to drive product promotions 
Successfully implemented national "Demo Days" program in top 17 retail storefronts nationwide.
Managed CCS, the national In-Store Merchandising Rep firm (over 30 Sales Reps) while supporting them with sales tools; product up sell collateral; and retail merchandising tools 
Created visibility for new releases at the Distributor level by implementing sales tools for training inside/outside sales reps at distribution floor and reseller events.
Initiated upsell communication programs for new product launch at Online Retail sites.

SIIG, Channel Marketing Manager (September 1997 - September 1999)
Managed all marketing efforts for the Distribution, VAR/Reseller, Retail and OEM channels.
Successfully executed complete re-branding efforts and output of new SIIG collateral and web-site. 
Worked directly with Account Managers (MDF &amp; Co-op) at Ingram Micro/Tech Data for all marketing deliverables; helped achieve 40% growth in Distribution Channel revenues by second year.
Developed and successfully launched USB product awareness/mindshare campaigns at Disti/Retail levels (national chains End caps; up sell collateral and shelf talkers at Fry's stores).
Successfully led creative designers in marketing and initiated marketing contact database for ongoing email campaigns and PR outreach.

Strategic Mapping, Inc., Resale Channels Coordinator (March 1996 - July 1996)
Complete management of the STAR Channel program, being the central point of communication between SMI channel sales and SMI channel partners with responsibility for all Partner Literature.
Reason for change: On acquisition of company by Claritas, Inc. (VA), the entire Santa Clara division was closed down.

Micro Focus, Marketing Coordinator, Seasonal Contractor (January - July 1994 &amp; January - April 1995)
Coordinated various details of the World-Wide User's conference, including all conference registrations and database management. 
SKILLS
	Good understanding of hi-tech marketing/business operations. Creative, confident and high performance channel marketing professional, driving revenue growth through strategic planning, operational efficiency and process improvement. Excellent interpersonal skills, team player, and have great perseverance.













  
    accrual
  
  
    Ad
  
  
    branding
  
  
    budgeting
    budgets
  
  
    BI
    bi
  
  
    CD
  
  
    central point
  
  
    Conversion
  
  
    clients
  
  
    database management
    database
  
  
    Direct Mail
  
  
    driving
  
  
    Email
    email
  
  
    Extranet
  
  
    finance
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    gps
  
  
    graphic designer
  
  
    Team lead
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    managing
  
  
    MarCom
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mentor
  
  
    Merchandising
    merchandising
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    97
  
  
    MOM
  
  
    newsletter
  
  
    next
  
  
    outside sales
  
  
    page
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    product planning
  
  
    press
    PR
  
  
    program planning
  
  
    Recording
  
  
    Retail
    retail
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategy
    strategy development
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    USB
  
  
    Voice over IP
    VoIP
  
  
    web-site
  
  
    year-end
  


