
Viatcheslav Ledov

RESUME
 
72 Kilby Street, Dracut, Massachusetts, 01826, USA  
E-mail:  ledov@hotmail.com 
Cell ph: (707)-360-8074
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Principal or Senior RF/ MW Engineer position.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Extensive and successful design experience for digitally controlled RF/MW modules including frequency synthesizers, IQ modulators, receivers for test and measurement instrumentation and wireless communication systems. 
Led design of MW/RF components and subsystems in HIC implementation including oscillators, amplifiers, multipliers, PLL, filters, couplers, switchers, attenuators, patch antennas etc. 
Organized and led Research and Development projects for oscillators and subsystems in millimeter frequency range for wireless communications, radars and measurement equipment.
SKILLS HIGHLIGHTS
Strong knowledge and expertise with RF/MW software including:
linear and nonlinear circuits analysis:  AWR MW Office, ADS, Ansoft Designer, PSPICE.
EM 2.5D and 3D simulators:  CST Microwave Studio, HFSS, AWR AXIEM, ADS Momentum, Genesys, Ansoft Designer.
Schematic capture: Cadence Allegro, Mentor Graphic, OrCad.
Miscellaneous: LabView, MatLab, AutoCad, MS Office, Lotus Notes etc.
Expertise in high-frequency multilayer PCB design including EM modeling of for accurate designs.
Experience with design of high performance RF/MW modules using state of the art MMIC's, filters, switchers, A/D, D/A converters, low noise power supplies etc.
Proficiency with laboratory RF/MW test and measurement equipment and test automation (LabView,  MatLab). 
Project management, development, design verification and cost/yield optimization for production.
EDUCATION
*   Moscow Institute of Electronic Technology. Postgraduate course.
     Degree:   Ph.D. in Physics and Mathematics.
     Major:     Semiconductor Physics and Electronics.
*   Moscow Institute of Electronic Technology. 
     Degree:    Engineer-Physicist.      Specialty:  Electronics and automatics.
     Major:     Integrated Semiconductor Circuits.
CERTIFICATES AND AWARDS
*    Senior Scientific Researcher Certificate.
      Issued by: Supreme attestation Commission under the USSR Council of Ministers.
      Specialty:  Integrated Radio electronic Devices.
 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
June 2006 to April 2009: Teradyne Inc., MA, USA.
Senior Hardware Engineer.
Design and development of digitally controlled RF/MW modules and subsystems for 
new generation of  automated test equipment in frequency range up to 12GHz (UtraWave12G Instrumentation Suite) on soft multilayer substrates including 
MW YIG based high performance frequency synthesizers, low noise PLL oscillators, digitally controlled downconverters and wideband high dynamic range receivers.
Performed system analysis, computer simulation, detailed MW/RF design, EM simulation, MW/RF layout design supervising and verification of design.
Subproject management, schedule, cost management, troubleshooting and optimization for performance and production yield.   
April 2001 to May 2006: Microsource Inc., CA, USA.
Senior Microwave Engineer.
Led design and development projects for families of MW YIG oscillators including    low noise, wideband, fast switched and custom designed from 1 to 26GHz using  BIP (Si and SiGe) and FET transistors.
Design and development of MW subsystems for frequency synthesizers using MMIC amplifiers, multipliers, filters, prescalers, switchers etc. in frequency range from
1 to 26 GHz in HIC implementation for both alumina and multilayer soft substrates.
Performed system analysis, computer simulation, detailed MW/RF design, magnetic system design, mechanical design and layout design supervising, design verification.  
Duties included projects management, schedule, cost management, troubleshooting, optimization, coordinating design team efforts.  




January 2000 December 2000: Millitron Inc., Rep. of Korea.
Senior RF/Microwave Engineer.
Design of low cost microwave components for wireless communication systems (PCS, LMDS, WLL, CDMA etc.) in HIC implementation in frequency range from 1 to 40 GHZ including VCDRO, mixers, amplifiers, frequency multipliers, filters etc.
April 1997 April 1999: KMW Inc., Rep of Korea. 
Senior Researcher.
Design and development of microwave components and modules for radars and communication systems (PCS, LMDS, WLL, CDMA etc.) in HIC implementation 
(both alumina and flexible substrates).
Amplifiers (medium power) and multipliers in frequency range 0.1 - 40GHZ.
Analog and digital PLL VCDRO and VCDRO in frequency range 1 - 30GHZ.
MW LO units incorporated hybrid thin film multipliers, amplifiers, filters etc. 
1984 to 1997: Research and Production Corp. "ISTOK", Fryazino, Moscow region, Russia.                    
Chief of Laboratory, Senior Scientist.
Organized and led Research and Development projects for wideband VCO in millimeter frequency range.  Special production technology has been developed.
Varactor tuning range more than 20% for frequencies from 25 to 120GHz was
achieved. 
Design of MW oscillators stabilized by cavity resonators and PLL oscillators in millimeter frequency range for wireless communication systems, radars and measuring equipment.
 Status: U.S. Citizen

Hobbies: Hiking, cross country and downhill skiing.
 



  
    3D
  
  
    ADS
  
  
    AutoCad
  
  
    Cadence
  
  
    circuit design
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    fast
  
  
    film
  
  
    Genesys
  
  
    Graphic
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    LabView
  
  
    layout design
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    MatLab
  
  
    mechanical design
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    MS Office
    Office
  
  
    Microwave
    microwave
  
  
    network
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    OrCad
  
  
    PSPICE
  
  
    Research
  
  
    signal generators
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    supervising
  
  
    system design
  
  
    system analysis
  
  
    test equipment
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    validation
  


