
Anne M Randall
135 Orchard Lane  Clemmons, NC  27012  (336) 686-3036  dubess2525@gmail.com

Objective 
Take charge professional who has positively impacted the bottom line of various organizations, to be part of the procurement/materials team of a growing company where I can excel by contributing in the savings and high quality of products by utilizing my proven negotiation and interpersonal skills.  

Profile 
Motivated, personable business professional with a successful 15-year track record of proven cost savings in the manufacturing industry.  Extensive experience in supplier and product development as well as Lean Manufacturing.  Dedicated and detail-oriented with excellent analytical, problem solving, negotiation and communication skills.  Track record for achieving cost savings and maximizing resources to provide efficiency in manufacturing plants.  Flexible and versatile - able to maintain a sense of humor under pressure. Thrive in deadline-driven environments. Excellent team-building skills.
Skills Summary
Project Management
Report Preparation 
Negotiation &amp; cost savings

Professional Presentations
MRP software expertise
Leadership
Computer Savvy
Customer Service 
Self-starter

Professional Experience
Purchasing
bucyrus international - Pulaski, VA
Senior Buyer
October 2008 to April 2010
Achieved targeted PPV (20%), OTD and quality KPI's.
Lead and coordinate sourcing initiatives (RFQ Electrical/Electronics).
Worked closely with incumbent suppliers for improved pricing, OTD, lead times, stocking programs.
Developed new supplier relationships that better aligned with current business needs.

Anco-Eaglin - Greensboro, NC
Buyer
February 2008 to August 2008
Purchased and planned for aluminum, steel (plate, tube, bar and wire), plate forming and rolling, angles and channels, castings and extrusions.
Responsible for capital purchase of machinery for rendering equipment.
Worked with suppliers to develop productive relationships.  
Sourced new suppliers that better align with the business needs.
Heavy customer service with both customers and suppliers
Involved with engineering on new product purchasing.

Endura products - Colfax, NC
Buyer
August 2007 to November 2007
Primary role to purchase aluminum, extrusions and packaging materials.
Develop negotiation strategy and define contract implementation.   
Developed new packaging system (tunnel wrap machine), negotiated price the machinery &amp; components
Worked heavily with aluminum and extruded plastic purchasing, ensuring suppliers keep a continuous stock of material at current market pricing.
Worked with suppliers to develop productive relationships.  




Gilbarco/veeder-root  (Danaher) - Greensboro, NC
Senior Strategic Buyer
(Transferred from Danaher Tool Group, Massachusetts)
July 2005 to August 2007
Achieved PPV of 20% on $7M spend
Successfully completed Lean Manufacturing courses (Kaizen) as leader, facilitator and participant ( 5S, TPI, Standard Work, Shingijutsu Kaizen).
Certificate of completion of required courses in Protection Company Trade Secrets, Preventing Workplace Harassment, Standards of Conduct, Export Controls for Commercial Products, Antitrust Laws).
Define the optimal supplier selection process for both international (LCR) and domestic suppliers, considering supply market specifics, quality, price and delivery of goods.
Screen and select potential suppliers through the parent company's Registered Supply Base as well as RFI, RFQ and E-Procurement tools.   
Worked closely with many departments, including Engineering &amp; Quality, to ensure the supplier met all print specifications and quality objectives.  
Develop negotiation strategy, define contract implementation plan and apply supplier performance evaluation model, tracking key performance indicators (quality, delivery, pricing, etc) regarding supplier performance. 
Maintain continuous PPV tracking/reporting; tracked LCR spending, develop new projects for effective cost savings and/or avoidance, transfer both manufactured and direct purchases between suppliers and other Danaher/Gilbarco Veeder Root locations.
Building cooperation among individuals and departments:  sharing information between different levels of personnel and departments/building relationships, and working to achieve company goals and outcomes.
Contract negotiation (cost, term, quality, product improvement).


Danaher tool group - Springfield, MA
Senior Strategic Buyer
January 2002 to July 2005
Plan/order/expedite all direct and MRO parts from external and internal suppliers to support manufacturing operations.
Successfully completed Lean Manufacturing courses (Kaizen) as leader, facilitator and participant (Train-the-trainer, 5S, TPI, Standard Work, Shingijutsu Kaizen).
Work closely with suppliers to achieve optimal price, quantity and delivery, while maintaining inventory accuracy. Set up Kanban replenishment systems.
Aggressively drive inventory reduction programs (VMI, consignment) and troubleshoot part shortages.  Partnered with corporate purchasing to identify lead-time reduction opportunities.
Management of suppliers (negotiating contracts, setting performance standards, improved overall vendor service levels, etc) while developing new suppliers to meet KPI's. 
Maintained reporting, inventory management, and negotiated payment terms.  Ensured a positive impact on month end financial status, with favorable PPV for both purchase parts and MRO items, reported directly to Corporate offices.   
On-going as of Dec. 2004, working closely with managers/supervisors and floor personnel for relocation of plant to Kingsley Plant, Garland, TX, ensuring a smooth transition of machinery, personnel, etc.  

Education
Holyoke community college - holyoke, ma
AA Business Management 1995
GPA: 3.9


Page | 1



  
    bi
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Contract negotiation
    contracts
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Dec
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    financial
  
  
    inventory management
    Inventory
    inventory
    inventory control
  
  
    machinery
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    money
  
  
    negotiating
    negotiation
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Procurement
    procurement
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    rendering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    RFI
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    Supply Chain
  
  
    trainer
  
  
    troubleshoot
  


