
Jessica Williams
5711 Stoneridge Dr
Columbus, Georgia 31909											
jeswlms@aol.com
Cellular 706-587-6758

OBJECTIVE
 
Obtain a challenging position that will utilize my background and experience in communications, project management, marketing, and conversions.
 

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS
 

Highly skilled professional with approximately thirteen+ years of system development/project management experience in client server, mainframe, and web based environments.
Proficiency in all phases of the system development life cycle from analysis and conceptual design through implementation and support with an emphasis on business process analysis, project management, and related technical documentation.
Provided business consulting knowledge expertise in strategic performance management methodologies, process assessment work, and the application of technologies to the business units. 
Proven team leadership supported by exceptional communication and collaborative team building skills.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
 

Project Manager	January 1, 2011 - August 31, 2011
Brightline (Aflac Contractor)

Successfully delivered projects within the AFLAC Web Enrollment System (AWES) that increased T Mobile's enrollment.
Managed Software Developers, Technical Analysis, Database Administrators and Systems Development Testers throughout the projects development life cycle.
Provided technical and release management direction to assigned projects, including work schedules, task assignments, progress reviews and code release walkthroughs to ensure projects met technical specifications in conceptual and detail design documents
Communicated project progress to senior technical management and business stakeholders through weekly face-to-face meetings and status reports.


Project Manager 	August 13, 2007 to March 1, 2010
InterCall, West Point Georgia

Responsible and accountable for coordinating, integrating and managing successful project development initiatives to meet business goals and operational objectives.
Responsible for leading the development and implementation of InterCall's Client Service Management (CRM) application which manages Customer Hierarchy data (Company, Account, Owner, and User) and Customer Transaction data (Contracts, Orders, Maintenance, Owner Creation, Disputes/Adjustments, Trouble Tickets, Notes, Invoices and Payments).  
Facilitate and enforce comprehensive test planning and execution (functional testing, regression testing, performance testing, UAT)
Tracked and droved issue resolution in all phases of the development effort for assigned projects 

Project Manager	June 2006 to August 10, 2007
TSYS iSolutions, Columbus Georgia

Provided business direction and assigned project tasks for a product, platform or project initiatives that involved negotiating with stakeholders to determine scope, requirements and budget of work activities. 
Managed multiple, complex projects in coordination with client, technology team, operations, and messaging services. Consulted with clients to gather requirements and aided clients in site configuration and customer service decisions. Exceeded client expectations in documentation standards and project delivery. 
Used applicable project management tools to ensure acceptable project management or methodology practices are defined and followed.  Preformed as a lead role in identifying, defining, measuring and refining practices and processes.



Project Manger/Project Analyst	September 1998 to June 2006
TSYS Bank of America, Columbus Georgia

 Onsite subject matter expert for TSYS TS2 credit card system providing consultative and project management support throughout the life cycle of projects for both Bank of America and internal clients. 
Successfully managed development of high risk projects to support TSYS and the client's financial expansion in the credit card market which included the conversion of Fleet, Circuit City, Capital One and Nations Bank.   
Created detail project plans and logical flowcharts to document and monitor scope, requirements, product specifications, budget, contracts, code, testing and implementation.
Successfully implemented six sigma projects.
Followed the Leadership Expectation through matrix management to maintain good work relationships with all persons and groups associated with the project. Organized and directed the project team to complete specific goals of building and delivering a particular venture, product, or project(s).


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
 

Project Coordinator	September 1996 to September 1998
Synovus Service Corp, Columbus Georgia  

Supported employment services recruiters with the recruitment of internal and external employee processes for Synovus, CB&amp;T, TSYS and Total Solution. 
Participated in the Co-op program between Synovus Service and Columbus State University
Assisted in day-to-day operations of the agency, including invoicing, developing and maintaining client relations. Assisted in the development and implementation of several successful media and creative proposals for recruitment. 



 TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
 
Analysis &amp; Documentation Standards: Business Process Analysis and Re-engineering (BPA), Joint Application Development (JAD)
Quality Assurance: Quality Assurance Testing including overseeing Unit, Beta, and User Acceptance Testing, reviewing Test Plans, Team Track issue tracking system
User Training: End User Training including creating trainer and user manuals, drafting help files, coordinating training sessions, and leading sessions 				
Software &amp; Design Tools: MS Office (Access, Excel, Outlook, Project, Visio, Powerpoint), Primavera, Lotus Notes, 
Language: Fluent in Spanish (speaking, reading, and writing)

EDUCATION
 
B.S., Political Science
Columbus State University  

Award and Achievements
Successfully Completed the School of Bank Card Management
Six Sigma Certified Green

References
Available upon request                                                                                                                                    




  
    Application Development
  
  
    agency
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Process Analysis and Re-engineering
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    credit
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
    client relations
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    financial
  
  
    functional
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Notes
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    messaging services
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    negotiating
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Primavera
  
  
    processes
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project development
  
  
    project management
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    speaking
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    reading
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    Six Sigma
    six sigma
  
  
    Fluent in Spanish
  
  
    Systems Development
  
  
    Technical Analysis
  
  
    technical management
  
  
    User Training
  
  
    user manuals
  
  
    trainer
  
  
    Visio
  


