
Suzan Kaku Norris
5037 Dewey Dr.  Fair Oaks, CA 95628  (916) 333-3533 suzankaku.norris@aol.com

Objective 
A long term position allowing for me to demonstrate my organizational, customer service, communication, and project management skills proven by 10 years of successful, profitable self-employment and over 20 years in the work force. 
Profile 
Motivated, personable business professional with a successful 10-year track record of profitable small business ownership. Talent for quickly mastering technology. Diplomatic and tactful with professionals and non-professionals at any level. Demonstrated history of producing complex and accurate work in a timely manner. Flexible and versatile - able to maintain a sense of humor under pressure. Poised and competent with demonstrated ability's to easily transcend cultural differences. Thrive in deadline-driven environments. Excellent team- building skills.
Skills Summary
Project Management
Business Owner
Windows / Linux
Typing / Data entry	Computer Savvy
Customer Service 
Scheduling
Industrial Sewing	Accounting/Bookkeeping
Marketing &amp; Sales
General Office Skills
Pattern Design	

Professional Experience
COMMUNICATION: REPORTS/PRESENTATIONS/TECHNOLOGY 
Prepare complex designs for large companies custom orders, managed sales and care for customers and organizations. 
Design with the customer and deliver a series of complex patterns for custom car and boat's. 
Conduct small-group of sewer in production and order completion.
Communicate manufacturing leather goods in layman's terms to facilitate understanding. 
Rapidly learn and master varied patterns in the leather industry
CUSTOMER SERVICE/MARKETING/PROBLEM SOLVING 
Oversee front-office operations and provide impeccable customer service:
Built a clientele supported by 60% referral business.
 Launched a thriving private enterprise, building revenue from $0 to over $72K in first three years with minimal overhead.
Won over a highly skeptical community as one of the best of many manufactures of high quality leather goods.
Increased client base by two-thirds resulting from referrals.
Professional Experience, continued
Manage all aspects of day-to-day operations as the owner:
Facility rental/maintenance.
Finances: accounts payable/receivable, invoicing, insurance billing, budgeting.
Supervision of a total of eight employees. 
Extensive knowledge of Automobile Upholstery.
I was commended by the Head Ford Representative from Detroit for my accomplishments








EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

COMPUTER SALES AND SERVICE
	Bought and sold used desktop and laptop computers.  Project included Window's installation and documentation as well as network configuration.  Recondition and replace all needed hardware for needed repairs and installation.  Firmware and software updates and installation of drivers of hardware configuration.
	      2006 to Present

PMK -PRO MED KITS- 
        Industrial seamstress for production of premier medical kits for military/government.
                     November, 2011 TO January, 2012

Adecco USA- Field Technician
	Performed check in for modules, perform module preventive maintenance, calibrate and update modules and firmware flash, transfer data set, and download log files on Alaris PC Guardrails.
                     December 2011 to January 2012 (Temporary Position)
BRASHER'S AUTO AUCTION
Upholstery service, including ordering materials, prepares vehicles for auction sales.  Purchasing needed inventory to be used in restoration of vehicles. I was the only person to master a technical aspect performed on mustang seats, with recommendations from head representative from Detroit.  
                     July 1998 TO May 2001	
WINTUNE GRAPHICS INC.
          Head production supervisor, Purchased all sewing machine for production as well as training of all employees in production.  
                   
                    October 1995 TO June 1998

Education
Associate of Arts Degree in Information Technology - 85.5 Units completed of 90.
Strayer University, Chantilly, VA
Currently enrolled, seeking Bachelors in Web Design. - 103.5 Units completed of 190.
GPA:  3.69/3.8










Page | 2



  
    Accounting
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    premier
  
  
    Bachelors
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Bookkeeping
  
  
    budgeting
  
  
    Business Owner
  
  
    hardware configuration
    hardware
  
  
    clientele
    client
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    Data entry
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    flash
  
  
    front-office
  
  
    General Office
  
  
    government
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    laptop computers
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Windows
    Window
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network management
  
  
    network
  
  
    Page
  
  
    production management
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    strategic marketing
  
  
    supervisor
    Supervision
  
  
    technical training
  
  
    Typing
  
  
    Web Design
  


