
Eric Jay Hollander
6415 Orange Bay Ave
Orlando,FL  32819-4170
    erichollander@sbcglobal.net
Home: (314) 779-0150
Work: (407) 301-7327 


OBJECTIVES
1.	I am seeking a permanent position (or long-term contract) as the team lead or functional manager for Video Teleconferencing (VTC) and/or Unified Communications (UC) services for an agency or company within the continental United States (CONUS), Western Europe.
2.	I desire a team-oriented position which will utilize and challenge my leadership, management, customer service, and technical skills to enhance overall VTC and UC services for the organization.
3.	I desire a position in which I can make the most of my current abilities, while allowing opportunities to continually enhance, improve, and expand my VTC and UC knowledge and skills.

Highlights

Security Clearance	Top Secret/SSBI

Certification		Security+
Certification		Radvision Infrastructure I
Certification		Radvision SCOPIA Visual Communications Paradigm I
Certification		Polycom MGC 25/50/100 System Administration
Certification		KIV 7M Expert Training
Certification		DISN Video Services Global (DVSG) Level 1

18 years		Experience in VTC design, integration, installation, configuration, and operation.
18 years		Experience in A/V design, integration, installation, configuration, and operation.
18 years		VTC and A/V inventory procurement and management.
10 years		Experience in the Department of Defense (DoD) military environment - USMC, USA, and DISA

Knowledge of DoD Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTP) and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
Knowledge of Radvision, Tandberg (Codian), and Polycom (Accord) VTC infrastructure.
Knowledge of Tandberg, Polycom, Radvision, Cisco Telepresence and Aethra video conferencing systems.
Knowledge of Extron, Jupiter, Shure, and ClearOne A/V mixers and amplifiers.
Knowledge of ISDN equipment in support of H.320 conferencing including: KIV-7, IMUX, Dial Isolator, Gateway, etc.
Knowledge of IP equipment in support of H.323 video conferencing including: Gatekeeper, MCU, E.164, QoS, etc.
Knowledge of VTC protocols including: H.261, H.263, H.264; G.711, G.722, G.728, AAC-LD, Siren-14; H.239; H.245, etc.
Knowledge of VTC principles including: Gatekeeper zones, gateway translations, and RS-366 dialing
Knowledge of Cisco switching and routing including: VLAN, sub netting, ACL, QoS, wireless access points, protocols, etc. 

Proficient in multiple-responsibility situations including operations, security, quality, training, and management.
Audio/Visual installation quality control professional with outstanding approval rates.
Extensive training background, including: Providing the infrastructure training for the largest video network in the world.

Work Experience
Northrop Grumman (12/01/2009 - 04/28/2011) - Video Teleconferencing (VTC) Engineer 
USAREUR; Heidelberg, Germany 

Directs the implementation of network control actions and provides essential technical support to on-site technicians in order to facilitate all troubleshooting techniques and processes.
Continually refines the network management process, and trains Government personnel on network management strategies and the operation of the support systems, and makes recommendations for VTC infrastructure and processes - to include equipment purchasing requirements, configuration management, and standard of practices for VTC suites and hubs.  Customers include: Commander, USAREUR; Commander, 43rd Signal Battalion; and subordinate command groups.
Supports Tier I, Tier II and Tier III help desks, along with the Joint Coalition Information Systems (JCIS) agency, regarding VTC and network administration support by configuring, troubleshooting, and maintaining US Army Europe's VTC systems - which includes over 200 conference sites throughout Europe and the Middle East.
Provides superior customer service and support through knowledgeable and experienced answers and assistance to customers' issues, meticulous site surveys, fully researched equipment recommendations, and overall technical acumen.
Provides immediate response, onsite tactical VTC support during military training exercises.

Radvision (12/22/07 - 07/31/2009) - Senior Video Engineer 
DISA Europe; Stuttgart, Germany

Researched, developed, and validated testing, training, and implementation material for the Radvision video infrastructure equipment for the DISN Video Services II (DVS-II) project.
Trained DVS-II Tiers 1 and 2 on VTC operations and troubleshooting Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs).
Via project management discussions and hands on application, provided technical knowledge and experience vital to the successful operation of the DVS-II project.
Configured and maintained Radvision Scopia 400 MCUs, Radvision Scopia GWP20 &amp; GWS40 Gateways, Radvision ECS (Enhanced Communication Sever) Gatekeepers, Radvision iVIEW Network Manager, Cisco Meeting Place/Meeting Time, and the Adtran Atlas 890. 


York Telecom (08/15/2007 - 12/22/2007) - Communication Technician
DISA CONUS; Ft. McPherson, Georgia

Operated, managed, and troubleshot, components of the Defense Video Services-Global (DVS-G) VTC Network comprised of Multipoint Control Units (MCU), Channel Service Units/Data Service Units (CSU/DSU), ISDN/H.320 transmission mediums and all peripheral equipment including: Polycom/Accord MGC-100s, Avaya Conferencing Bridges, KIV-7s, KIV-19s, and KG-194s on the DVSG network. 
Via the Polycom/Accord MGC-100 monitoring tools, monitored and analyzed DVS-G network elements, alarms, and alerts, and identified the components/elements which led to call degradation. Accomplished this through analyzing the alarms provided and on a call by call basis. 
Through telephone and direct video conferencing communication, effectively executed customer problem resolution and VTC call integrity.  Coordinated efforts in isolating, analyzing, identifying and resolving extremely difficult problems regarding audio, video, and connectivity.

Radvision (11/18/2006 - 05/04/2007) - Senior VTC Engineer 
DISA CONUS; Scott AFB, Illinois

Researched, wrote, and validated training material for Radvision infrastructure equipment for the DVS-II project.
Trained DVS-II Tiers 1 and 2 on VTC operations and troubleshooting Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs).
Provided technical knowledge and hands on experience vital to the successful development and operation of the DVS-II project.

General Dynamics (05/08/2006-11/22/2006 ) - VTC Technician 
Ft. McPherson, Georgia United States

Provided Daily VTC support for the Commanding General and his principal staff at Headquarters 3rd US Army supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Highly Skilled in all aspects of video teleconferencing. Including Polycom/Accord MCU 100 bridges, Tandberg and Polycom video conferencing terminals, Adtran IMUX's, KIV-7, KIV-19 and KG-194 encryption devices.
Conducted on a daily basis secure and non-secure video conferences via direct connect, ISDN, and IP.
Experienced in DVS-G VTC scheduling via DVS Web Scheduler (DVS-WS).
Strong background in customer support and problem resolution. 

Express Personnel Services (07/28/2005-04/15/2006) - VTC Coordinator/Integrator 
II MEF G-6; Camp Jejune, North Carolina

Oversaw integration of equipment for II Marine Expeditionary Forces' (II MEF) 12 conference rooms providing for varying customer requirements and technologies.
Scheduled visits from multiple audio/visual and VTC vendors to support II MEF VTC requirements.
Received bids from vendors and briefed command on the best recommendation of the bids provided. 
Trained Marine staff on how to schedule VTCs through the DVSG web site and worked with them in setting up a VTC for clients. Supervised VTC sessions. 
Oversaw integration of equipment from contractors assuring that requirements for power, SIPR and NIPR drops were placed in each of the G-shop conference rooms. 
Worked with clients on setting up online VTC request forms and writing of a Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) manual. 
Continued work with II MEF on equipment requirements as they received funding for their projects. 

Computer Science Corporation (02/07/2005-06/21/2005) - Lead VTC Tech and Facilitator 
III MEF G-6; Camp Courtney, Okinawa, Japan

Oversaw the renovation of the Commanding General's VTC Command Center by recommending the purchase and monitoring the installation of infrastructure components.  This support brought the Command Center to a level that enabled the Commanding General to supervise all garrison and tactical operations. 
After the installation of the new infrastructure, trained Marine staff to operate, maintain and troubleshoot video teleconferencing (VTC) connections over Internet Protocol (IP), ISDN, DVSG directly through an Accord MGC-100; AMX control panel operation; and local and remote COMSEC device (KIV-7 and KG-175 Taclane) operation, troubleshooting, and Over the Air Rekey (OTAR) procedures.
Responsible for maintaining and updating proper communication security (COMSEC) encryption keys and devices (KIV-7 &amp; KG-175 Taclane). 
Oversaw that all scheduled VTCs were on time, as specified on the customer request form, and ensured that the VTC technicians coordinated thoroughly with all distant end facilitators to ensure all needs were met, all conferences started promptly, and all required participants were prepared. 

ITT Industries Systems Division (04/27/2003-04/26/2004) - Lead Video Conferencing Technician 
CFLCC; Camp Arifjan, Kuwait 

Set up all VTCs for Combined Forces Land Component Commander (CFLCC), Third Army general officers and subordinate command staff officers throughout Southwest Asia and the United States.
Established, maintained and troubleshot video teleconferencing (VTC) connections over Internet Protocol (IP), ISDN, and directly through an Accord MGC-100 VTC bridge and local and remote COMSEC devices (KIV-7 &amp; KG-175 Taclane).
Responsible for maintaining and updating proper communication security (COMSEC) encryption keys and devices (KIV-7 &amp; KG-175 Taclane). 
Oversaw the maintenance and daily operations of three VTC suites throughout the Command Center, including: Upgrading the system software and hardware on the Polycom Accord MGC 100 and performed daily checks on the Cisco router to insure connectivity on all IP devices. 
Scheduled all VTCs from an intranet website; coordinated client requirements for audio/visual needs necessary for use during their VTC. 
Worked with vendors to  install and configure equipment for the Command Center, pulling electrical cables, XLR cables, and RJ 45 Ethernet cables. 
Monitored H.320 and H.323 network activity; locally and remotely. Diagnosed and resolved network and equipment failures. Coordinated and documented troubleshooting procedures on DVSG network. 

Monsanto (10/01/2002-04/23/2003) - Assistant Director of Audio-Visual and Special Events 
St. Louis, Missouri United States 

In charge of audio visual for all Chief Executive Officer (CEO) special events and global meetings.
Oversaw VTC contractors during CEO's town hall meetings, which were broadcast throughout offices worldwide.
Oversaw renovations and installation of new equipment in five auditoriums from blueprints which resulted in better departmental efficiency resulting in less technical problems and lost time. 
Oversaw the operation and maintenance of the following equipment in five auditoriums.

Education
Lindbergh High school Graduate of 1988
14 hours, Communications, Washington University - University College (St. Louis, MO) 1993-1997 
20 hours, Television and Radio Production, Meramec Junior College (St. Louis, MO) 1988-1990

Additional Information
Certification - KIV 7M Expert Training (01/12/2009) - 40 hours. 
A week-long, 40-hour course developed to master the KIV-7M encryption device. 

Certification - Radvision SCOPIA Visual Communications Paradigm I (04/17/2007) - 32 hours. 
A hands-on course to assist System Engineers and IT managers fully understand the features, benefits and overall operation of RADVISIONs SCOPIA 100/400 conferencing solutions. The SCOPIA 100/400 conferencing solutions are part of RADVISIONs complete infrastructure offering that includes multipoint conferencing units, firewall traversal, gateways, desktop conferencing and management for voice, video and data communications.
Participants will learn to install, configure and maintain RADVISION equipment, and basic troubleshooting skills.

Certification - Radvision 3G Visual Communications Infrastructure (02/12/2007) - 32 hours. 
Hands-on course to assist System Engineers and IT managers fully understand the features, benefits and overall operation of RADVISIONs SCOPIA 3G products, including ECS, 3G-324M Gateways, N30 Gateway, G21 and the SCOPIA 1000 chassis. Participants will learn to install, configure and maintain RADVISION equipment and basic troubleshooting skills. 

Hands on training with Cisco TelePresence (10/23/2007-15 hours 
Hands-on course to assist System Engineers  fully understanding the features and configuration and overall operation of Cisco TelePresence.

Certification - Polycom MGC 25/50/100 System Administration (08/12/2006) - 16 hours 
A hands-on program covering how to configure and control the family of MCUs, the 25/50 and 100 Models from a Users and System Administrators level. 

Certification - DISN Video Services Global (DVSG) Level-1 (06/15/2006) - 40 hours 
The DISN Defense Video Services Global (DVSG) Level-1 class certifies video teleconferencing facilitators enabling them to properly conduct VTCs as outlined by DISA policies and procedures.





  
    3G
  
  
    a level
  
  
    Army
  
  
    agency
  
  
    Audio
    audio
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    basic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    bridges
    Bridges
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    cables
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Cisco router
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    configuration management
  
  
    encryption
  
  
    CSU
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    data communications
  
  
    DSU
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    special events
  
  
    features
  
  
    firewall
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Gateways
    gateways
    Gateway
    gateway
  
  
    Government
  
  
    hubs
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    IP
  
  
    ISDN
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    access
  
  
    network administration
    network management
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    problem resolution
  
  
    processes
  
  
    project management
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    routing
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    System Administration
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    translations
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    troubleshoot
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Upgrading
  
  
    Video
    video
  
  
    video conferencing
  
  
    web site
    website
  


