
Robert (Doug) Douglas Crank
11620 Whiskey Springs Rd. Woodsboro, MD 21798 (near Frederick, MD)
Doug.Crank.1@gmail.com (cell 301.676.2529 )

I am an experienced software developer seeking a position building innovative, enterprise level
Java and Web applications. My strong development background and wide variety of skills gives
me the ability to pick up and apply new technologies quickly. My ideal company would have an
appreciation for multi-faceted, creative developers. A final product should reflect the developers
and architects behind it.

Technologies, Languages, Frameworks
 13 years of Java                                      XML, XSLT, XMLBeans,
 Java Script, DHTML, DOM                               SAX
 JSP, Java Servlets, Perl CGI                          Eclipse, SoapUI Pro, VisualVM
 SQL, JDBC                                             REST, SOAP, WS, WSRP
 Perl5.003, Perl/Tk                                    RMI
 Java Swing                                            HTTP, HTML, CSS, DOM, AJAX
 `C', Tcl/Tk, Expect                                   jQuery
 IBM Assembler language                                Business Objects

                                  Work Experience
Senior Software Engineer, BroadSoft, Inc.,     Gaithersburg, MD
(April/2005 &#173; October/2008)

    Grew and supported 1000's of JSP pages, and peer Java code on a provisioning server, that
    allows access and updates to a large TimesTen/Oracle database. All pages follow a common
    pattern of read, update, and write current values. Simple form validation was done on the
    browser, and all business logic resides on the server.
    Added to the XML schema, consisting of 1000's of complex types, that defines the
    provisioning API. Extended the provisioning API Java code within a highly optimized, layered
    business logic-to-database level framework. The process included peer review of all
    functional specifications and code. Used Java, Javascript, JSP, HTML/CSS, XML, XSLT,
    XML Schema, XMLBeans, TimesTen/Oracle SQL.
    Wrote servlets to support REST style requests to provision users in the database. Also wrote
    test pages for each transaction using AJAX within the Prototype.js framework.
    Supported and extended a SOAP transport of the provisioning XML schema; the different
    payload simply required use of a different communication path on towards the provisioning
    server.


Senior Software Developer,    eServices Group, Inc.,    Frederick, MD
(1998 &#173; April/2005)

    Wrote the final 90% of and assisted with the implementation of a high speed scanner
    application and operator GUI (using Swing), for Florida Medicaid, which processed over
    300,000 health care claims per day, generating gigabytes of mainframe-generated report data
    per week. The GUI allowed the operator to control all aspects of the setup and operation,
    minimizing operator error from manual control. It is my understanding this application and
    GUI are still used by Florida Medicaid.
    Designed, wrote and assisted in testing and implementing a CD-ROM Jukebox storage and
    retrieval subsystem for large volumes of document image, EDI, and report data. This
                                                                                         Page 1 of 2
Robert (Doug) Douglas Crank
11620 Whiskey Springs Rd. Woodsboro, MD 21798 (near Frederick, MD)
Doug.Crank.1@gmail.com (cell 301.676.2529 )

   repository provided access to claim data over the Internet to thousands of state government
   and fiscal agent employees, and to over 80,000 healthcare providers. Also designed and
   wrote a separate Swing GUI to control and monitor the Jukebox, using RMI to communicate
   with it.
   Designed and wrote an HTML forms based EDI generator. The user enters health care
   information over multiple web pages, with supplied, optional, and required fields. A servlet
   then correlates that (possibly sparse) data with an XML description of the target EDI
   transaction, and generates syntactically valid EDI.
   Designed and wrote an EDI syntax validator using Rhino Javascript embedded in a Java
   application. This was driven by an XML description of each EDI transaction type.
   Designed and wrote an IBM Host On Demand screen scraper. This automatically steps
   through a complex screen hierarchy extracting predetermined fields and saving them to
   LotusNotes.
   Prototyped an IVR script interpreter of a small language similar to VoiceXML. Designed and
   wrote an IVR application, and web access, to the Commonwealth of VA Self-Service
   Employee Benefits Eligibility System (BES). This system supports approximately 120,000
   Commonwealth employees and retirees, and enables them to access their benefits
   information from the web or a telephone. This system used Nuance V-Builder and Voice Web
   Server, with voice recognition and voice print security, interacting with a UNISYS mainframe.
   Designed and wrote PDF report generators to summarize EDI transaction history, using
   iReport to visually layout the report and generate an XML description, and JasperReports
   (with iText) to generate the PDF.


Senior Design Engineer,   General Electric Information Services,     Rockville, MD
(1988 &#173; 1998)

   Wrote and assisted in developing several protocol converters between SNA LU6.2 and the
   GEIS proprietary network, in IBM Assembler and `C'.
   Wrote an HTML form based Perl CGI to monitor 24x7 GEIS-hosted applications through a V-
   One firewall.

Education
 B.S. Computer Science, Kansas State University
 M.S. Computer Science, Kansas State University







  
    API
  
  
    Benefits
    benefits
  
  
    Business Objects
  
  
    C
  
  
    CD-ROM
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    database
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    DOM
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    firewall
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    HTTP
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IBM Assembler
  
  
    image
  
  
    IVR
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    Java Servlets
  
  
    Java Swing
  
  
    Javascript
    Java Script
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    layout
  
  
    logic
  
  
    LotusNotes
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    memory
  
  
    access
  
  
    network
  
  
    Oracle database
  
  
    Oracle SQL
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    Perl5
  
  
    Perl CGI
  
  
    read
  
  
    RMI
  
  
    scanner
  
  
    servlet
    servlets
  
  
    script
  
  
    SNA
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    Swing
  
  
    Tcl/Tk
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Tomcat
  
  
    type
  
  
    UNISYS
  
  
    validation
  
  
    Web
   Server
  
  
    web pages
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSLT
  


