
Joanne Stephens
66 Glen Ridge Court, New Milford, CT 06776
(203)297-3226
joanne.stephens29@yahoo.com

OBJECTIVE	

To provide the highest quality of customer service by resolving customer issues quickly, display empathy; reduce overall time to solve customer problems, present relevant product or service information, assist customer in making an informed choice, display proactive responsiveness and confidence while making decisions with the customer in mind.   

EDUCATION	

Mount Saint Mary College
Newburgh, NY
Master of Science, Elementary Ed

State University of New York
New Paltz, NY
Bachelor of Science, Psychology

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY	


PERKINELMER, SHELTON, CT						 2010
PerkinElmer designs, manufactures and delivers advanced technology solutions that address the world's most critical health and safety concerns, including maternal and fetal health, clean water and air, and safe food and toys.

Administrative - Temporary Position
Created, updated equipment records and contracts in SAP. 
Designed Excel spreadsheets and pivot tables.
Retrieved information on manufacturer and contract material using Lotus notes.

CARTUS, DANBURY, CT  							2004- 2009   

Cartus is the industry leader in global relocation and workforce development support to organizations worldwide.  Services support both managers and transferring employees with cost effective, customized service.

Client Services Consultant - Customer Service 
Managed a caseload of 75-100 customers without close supervision.
Nurtured relationships with customers.
Integrated all aspects of relocation: Home sale and purchase, household goods move, mortgage processing, equity funding, expense processing, home appraisals and inspections.
Communicated client policies with customers clearly stating guidelines.
Earned quarterly bonuses for excellent service. 

WORLDCOM, BETHEL, CT 							2000-2003

WorldCom was the second largest long distance phone company after AT&amp;T. WorldCom grew largely by aggressively acquiring other telecommunications companies, most notably MCI Communications.

Conference Call Coordinator - Customer service
Scheduled reservations for conference calls.
Accomplished extensive training on customer service, conference software and an 8 week Advanced Leadership Workshop. 
Connected customers to conference calls for Fortune 500 companies with no margin for error.
Organized question and answer sessions, polling, taped calls, CD recordings, instant replays and transcriptions.
SKILLS PROFILE	

Proficient in Microsoft Office 2007: Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint
Skilled in SAP, Lotus Notes, Storis, AS400, I Notes


We run the business in the interests of our stakeholders. In creating the well-designed home, we provide high-quality products, service, and value to our clients; high-quality management for our shareholders; and high-quality employment for our team



  
    Administrative
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    CD
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Customer service
    customer service
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    equity
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Notes
    Lotus Notes
    Lotus notes
  
  
    Excel spreadsheets
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    policies
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality management
  
  
    receptionist
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    safety
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    tables
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    phone
  


