
Andrew Baxter
MCP, A+, i-Net+, ITIL v3
Tel: 416-464-7009
10 Trowell Lane, Ajax, ON, L1Z 1K4
Email: andrew@andrewbaxter.ca

PROFILE

Senior Technical Support Administrator with progressive professional experience and industry recognized certifications who has been recognized for the ability to build relationships with all users while providing exceptional support. Fully knowledgeable in many aspects of Information Technology.  Exceptional trainer and mentor with the skills to provide direction and to motivate junior help desk personnel. Received numerous awards and recognitions for quality and productivity improvements. 

Key Technical areas of expertise includes

LAN Network Services	DNS, DHCP	

Application Systems	Active Directory	

PC Desktop Support	Windows Registry	

Help Desk Operations	Wireless Access Point, Routers	

System Builds, Upgrade, Migrations	Windows OS 98, XP, 7	

Win Servers 2003/2008	Microsoft Office 2003,2007,2010	













PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Trillium Health Centre
Helpdesk Analyst Team Leader - Etobicoke (August 2006 - April 2007)
Helpdesk Analyst - Etobicoke (January 2006 - August 2006)

Ensured the highest level of staff satisfaction through the resolution of IT related issues and requests in accordance with established policies and procedures. Assisted management with regards to solving technology challenges and ensuring project implementations were completed in a timely manner. . As Team Leader ensured proper change management controls were followed, maintained and analyzed as well as provided technical expertise to junior analysts prior to escalation to technical support group.   

CHUM Limited (Contract Position)
Helpdesk Support - Toronto (June 2005 - December 2005)

Provided helpdesk and desk side support on IBM PCs and laptops. Assisted with hardware upgrades, system updates and printer problems. Documented incidents and outages in problem tickets. Aided computer users to solve technical problems. Provided support for Microsoft Office suites, Windows XP and password changes using Active Directory. Installed peripheral components such as monitors, keyboards and printers as required. 

Royal Bank of Canada	
Technical Support Analyst - Toronto (May 1998 - December 2003)

Primary contact/support related to the Connect:Direct file transfer programs existing on the company's Host, UNIX and NT systems.  Assisted users with coding and testing JCL scripts as well as debugged existing code and integrated additional functions such as user setup and testing of jobs. Also provided 2nd level computer support for desktops, including software and hardware upgrades, system updates and printer problems. Tested new software releases, system upgrades and patches. Installed peripheral components such as monitors, keyboards and printers when needed.  


EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

ITIL Foundation v3	- 2010
i-Net+ Certified 	- 2005
Microsoft Certified	- 2004
A+ Certified 		- 2004
HiTech Institute 	- Networking &amp; Internet Engineering Diploma	- 2004
Durham College 	- Business Information Systems Diploma 	- 1998


OTHER QUALIFICATIONS

Focused on customer satisfaction, productivity and operational efficiency.
Highly organized with excellent time management and problem solving skills.
Ability to learn new systems quickly and adapt to changing situations.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills.



  
    A+ Certified
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    change management
  
  
    hardware upgrades
    hardware
  
  
    desktops
  
  
    DHCP
  
  
    direction
  
  
    DNS
  
  
    Help Desk
    help desk
  
  
    image
  
  
    IP
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    laptops
  
  
    leadership
    Team Leader
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Access
    access
  
  
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    Office
    office
    Microsoft Office suites
  
  
    Win
    Windows
    Windows OS
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    Network
    network
    Networking
  
  
    IBM PCs
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    policies
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    processes
  
  
    coding
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    technical support
    Desktop Support
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    upgrades
    Upgrade
  


