
347-961-5782
133-37 83Rd Street - Ozone Park, NY 11417
scorpio762810@yahoo.com
Gualberto J. Checo
OBJECTIVE
Results-driven associate specializing in Corporate Security/Administrative Management eager to contribute dynamic Security Operations, Emergency Management and Administrative talents toward actively supporting an organization in maximizing operational performance.

PROFILE
Offer approximately 6 years' experience in corporate security and administrative operations, with comprehensive background in asset protection.
Effectively coordinate, contribute and execute targeted action plans to maximize operational productivity, efficiency and profitability.
Proactive member who successfully support, trains/develops, mentors top-performing teams committed to providing superior service.
Proven value and dedication as a team member, as demonstrated by longevity and progression throughout career.
Excellent ability to research and evaluate industry trends and products and use findings toward executing innovative strategies.
Dynamic communication, presentation, relationship building and problem-solving abilities.
Excel at interacting with broad populations including senior management and staff as well as clients and external contractors.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Corporate Security			Asset Protection &amp; Loss Prevention	Event Planning	
Administrative Management		Emergency Preparedness		Business Continuity Planning 
Emergency Planning             	Customer &amp; Public Relations		Regulatory Affairs &amp; Compliance

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
Optimized integrity of operations by executing proactive asset protection and administrative management plans, procedures, enhancements, and audits.
Conduct industry research and analysis to maintain updated on current trends and effectively identify/resolve security problems.
Reported security surveys and audit findings and identified and made recommendations to boost administrative controls, reduce costs, and improve efficiency.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Gualberto J. Checo			             				                                            page 2 of 2

Allied-Barton LLC - New York, NY	              	                  			             2005-2006   
Lead Officer, Administrative Management  
Contribute dynamic strategy and analytical skills in supporting strategic security planning prioritizing initiatives and coordinating the evaluation, deployment, and management of current and future technologies.
Build and establish key relationships and liaise effectively with executives, board of directors, staff, partners, customers and stakeholders, as well as government, vendors and partner organizations.
Proficiently implement and ensure enforcement of policies, procedures, and associated plans for system security administration and business partner access based on industry best practices.
Contribute to all system reviews, identify and address existing and potential issues and create proactive upgrades and enhancements for optimal results.


J&amp;S Grocery - Brooklyn, NY	              	                  			   	    	2002-2005   
Lead Officer, Administrative Operations  
Actively support the establishment of strategic direction for clients' administrative initiatives and successfully leveraged assets available throughout the organization to accomplish objectives.
Appointed to serve as liaison with clients and public safety agencies, as well as local, state and federal authorities, exhibiting communication skills.
Applied industry expertise and sharp business acumen toward performing investigations of reported policy and integrity violations for clients as required.  
Perform diverse leadership activities including recruiting, training and performance evaluation of security staff, as required. 
Implemented and promoted centralized policies and procedures for clients throughout organization, with strong focus on optimizing productivity and efficiency.
EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS &amp; LICENSES 
Liberal Arts - Kingsborough Community College (New York)
Licensed Security Officer - State of New York 
Certified First Aid, CPR/AED First Responder 
Information Security Certification - Bank of America 
Preventing Unlawful Discrimination &amp; Harassment - Allied-Barton
8 Hours Annual Certification
8 Hours Pre Assignment Certification 
16 Hours on the Job Training Certification
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT/TRAINING
Access Control &amp; Security Management Systems - Software House 
Digital Video Management Systems - American Dynamics 
Digital Video Management Systems - Integral Technologies
Fire Alarm Management Systems - Honeywell International Inc. 
Fire Alarm Management Systems - Tyco Inc.
Business Productivity Suites - Microsoft Inc.  

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Member - American Red Cross 
Member - American Heart Association









  
    administrative
  
  
    analytical skills
  
  
    communication skills
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    clients
  
  
    direction
  
  
    executive management
  
  
    First Aid
  
  
    focus
  
  
    government
  
  
    Information Security
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    access
  
  
    policies
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    safety
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    upgrades
  


