
Richard B Johnson	6715 Mountain Lake Lane * Cumming, GA 30028 * 678/429-4244
rbjohnson.sr@gmail.com

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
  
Creative Development    Product Management and Marketing    Strategic Planning

Accomplished Computer Software Executive with domestic and some international experience in sales and distribution management, P&amp;L oversight,  serving primarily Fortune 500 companies including but not limited to Disney, Procter &amp; Gamble, Sara Lee, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Allied Irish Bank, Texaco, Duke Power, AFLAC and more.  Results-oriented, decisive leader with proven success in new market identification and strategic positioning for a multimillion dollar investor accounting software company. Ten year track record of meeting or exceeding revenue goals while driving net operating income per employee higher.

Core Competencies
  
*	Visionary Leadership	Risk Management		Tactical Marketing Planning
*	Creative &amp; Innovative	High-stakes Negotiations	Budget / Sales Forecasting
*	External Awareness	Resilient 			Securities Accounting Expert

Professional Experience
  
SunGard Data Systems	Roswell, GA
S.V.P. &amp; General Manager	08/1997 to 08/2003
Provide executive leadership for a $17 million securities and corporate trust accounting computer software provider with offices in Atlanta GA and San Mateo CA and net profit of $6.3 million.



Lead operations and strategic direction with full responsibility for bottom-line factors, including long-range planning and software development planning.  General oversight for 50 people including software engineers, data center liaison, administrative, customer service, sales, new technology engineers, and product managers, resolving conflicts and compensation management.  Chairman of the Client User Board and M.C. at annual Client User Meeting. Direct and establish goals for all operations for installation and service provision for all products.  Redefine organizational structure, provide monthly sales forecasts, oversee major pricing decisions, approve or directly negotiate contractual obligations and create monthly financial reports and analysis.

Key Achievements:
*	Exceeded top line revenue goals six consecutive years producing net operating income percentage in excess of 37% each year.
*	Grew revenue by nearly 1,000% within two years of assuming control of a failing product from a sister company.
*	Envisioned, drove Client funding participation for the first Internet based investor accounting application in the industry, producing a recurring revenue stream exceeding goal of $1 million + within three years of roll out.
*	Developed a new methodology for establishing maintenance fees based on system usage, increasing our annual maintenance revenue by 7%. This innovative methodology was later adopted by other SunGard companies.
*	Successfully managed the merger and assimilation of competitive companies and cultures following the late 1997 acquisition by SunGard Data Systems, including the data migration from Atlanta GA to Voorhees NJ on time and without client failure.

Servantis Systems Inc.	Norcross, GA
S.V.P. and Business Unit Manager	05/1993 to 08/1997
Provide executive leadership for $10 million Business Unit comprised of three distinct product groups, Securities Processing, Debt Recovery Management, and Imaging Solutions producing net operating income of $3.2 million.

Performed general oversight for over 100 software specialists and sales staff, with clients both domestic and international with resellers in Mexico, England, and Singapore.  Oversaw staffing, strategic directives, reseller selection, and training of national marketing teams. Developed and implemented strategic marketing plans, established marketing and sales objectives, and prepared Business Unit sales forecast.

Key Achievements:
*	Guided the Business Unit to meet or exceed revenue goals four consecutive years.
*	Led one or more of my product groups to place in top five out of more than twenty-five product groups in annual company Client Evaluation Survey.
*	Led the migration of our robust data center remote processing business from off-site to on-site on schedule and without any client down time.
*	Captured the securities accounting business of Citibank, Bank Of New York, Harris Bank, JP Morgan, and Deutsche Bank changing our competitive status from being last to second in Securities Accounting solutions.



Education
  
Atlanta Technical College - Two Year Computer Programming Diploma	Atlanta, GA

Professional Development
  
*	Miller Heiman (sales methodologies and training)
*	Solution Selling
*	Microsoft Excel - Advanced Usage

Software Languages
  
*	RPG II, FORTRAN, Assembler, COBOL, CICS, VSAM, ISAM, FASTER M/T, DataVote

Community
  
Served a term as the President of the Alpharetta Lions Club achieving the highest club membership ever and through various fund-raising projects donated the highest financial contribution to the Georgia Lighthouse for the Blind for the entire state.

References
  
Executive level references available upon request






  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business development
  
  
    C
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    CA
  
  
    draw
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    direction
  
  
    financial
  
  
    government
  
  
    Imaging
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    migration
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    producing
  
  
    profit
  
  
    progress
  
  
    sales
  
  
    sales support
  
  
    San
  
  
    Securities
    securities
  
  
    software development
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    strategic marketing
  


