
                                     CURRICULUM VITAE

                                 Charmi Divyang Patel
Current Address:                129 7th Street, Hicksville, NY 11801
Permanent Address:              129 7th Street, Hicksville, NY 11801
Phone:                          (516) 754-4666
E-mail:                         charmipatel1987@gmail.com

Permanent Residence:            United States of America

Education:                      Bachelors in Physical Therapy, Rajiv Gandhi University
                                Bangalore, India
                                Class of 2009

Certification:                  New York State Licensed Physical Therapist (Reference # 034797)
                                BLS for Health Care Providers (CPR and AED)

Affiliation:                    Member of Indian Association of Physiotherapist



Work Experience:
         Physical therapist- Full time - Dr. Balabhai Nanavati Hospital- Department of Physiotherapy and
   Sports Medicine, Mumbai, India
   November 2009 to December 2010
       Provided inpatient and outpatient physical therapy for a 400-bed multi specialty hospital.
       Treated patients with rehabilitation needs with the goal of developing a plan of care and
           treatment in order to improve quality of life.
       Jointly conducted various seminars for students, peers, and staff members.
       Restored function for patients and ameliorated disabilities following disease or profound
           injury (including loss of limb, traumatic brain injury, stroke and paralysis).
       Instructed patients in the safe and effective use of pulleys, weights, inclined surfaces and
           other equipment prescribed for their treatment.
       Participated in wound-care treatment and helped patients adapt to the use of wheelchairs,
           braces, canes, crutches and prosthetic/orthotic devices.
       Performed diagnostic and prognostic exams to evaluate muscle, nerve, joint and
           physiological disabilities.
       Excelled in ability to adapt conventional PT techniques to meet the special needs of
           individual patients.
       Provided comprehensive training in PT techniques to nursing and other medical personnel
           as well as family members of patients.
       Managed and organized the daily schedules of PT assistants and patients.

   Physical Therapy Internship - Dr. Balabhai Nanavati Hospital, Mumbai, India
   May 2009 to November 2009
       Completed compulsory rotatory internship in the following departments
               Community based rehabilitation
               Medicine, surgery, obstetrics and gynecology wards
               Chest physiotherapy OPD and wards including ICU/ICCU/MICU/NICU
               Pediatrics Physiotherapy OPD and wards
               Orthopedics Physiotherapy OPD, wards, and artificial limb center
               Neurological Medicine, Physiotherapy, Medicine and Surgery Departments

   Clinical Orientation and Training - Asha Bhavan (Retirement Home), Bangalore, India
   2005-2009
        Assisted staff PT's to treat elder patients in improving balance, mobility and strength.
        Helped patients understand the importance of an active and healthy life style to improve
           quality of life.
        Conducted group exercises programs for older individuals.
        Treated patients with geriatric health problems such as osteoporosis, post joint
           replacements, Alzheimer's, arthritis and cancer in order to help alleviate pain while
           increasing fitness levels.
          Clinical Orientation and Training- Swanthana Home for Children, Bangalore, India
          2005-2009
               Observed and assisted the staff PT's in diagnosis and early intervention in children with
                  various neurological disorders such as Cerebral Palsy, Down's Syndrome, Spina bifida,
                  Hydrocephalus, Poliomyelitis and other neurological disorders.
               Helped children reach their maximum potential for functional independence through
                  examination, evaluation, promotion of health and wellness, and implementation of a wide
                  variety of interventions.
               Assisted with the following interventions:
                        Positioning during daily routines and activities
                        Adapting toys for play
                        Expanding mobility options
                        Using equipment effectively
                        Teaching safety for the home and community
                        Providing information on the child's physical and health care needs
                        Easing transitions from early childhood to school and into adult life.

          Clinical Orientation and Training - Hindustan Aeronautics Limited Hospital, Bangalore, India
          2005-2009
               Hands on training under supervision in managing PT related cases in both outpatient and
                  inpatient departments during my undergraduate training.

Continuing Education programs (CEP):
          Mulligan Concept by Capri Institute of Manuel Therapy                          New Delhi, India
          NDT Approach for children with CP and other neuromotor impairments             Bangalore, India
          Course on Airway Clearance Techniques in ICU Management                        Mangalore, India
          Workshop on Radiological Interpretations for physical therapists               Bangalore, India
          Educational Program on Mobilization of Nervous System                          Bangalore, India
          CEP on Normal Motor Development                                                Mangalore, India
          CEP on Sports Medicine and Orthopedics                                         Mangalore, India
          CEP on Community Based Rehabilitation                                          Mangalore, India
          CEP on Rehabilitation for Patients with Traumatic brain injury                 Mangalore, India

Skills:
          Fluent with English, Hindi and Gujarati.



  
    Approach
  
  
    balance
  
  
    diagnosis
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    English
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    notes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    nursing
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Positioning
  
  
    progress
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    quality
  
  
    safety
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Teaching
  


