
HELEN HARRIS
Laguna Woods, CA 92637
714- 418-3618/949-206-1055
harhelen@gmail.com

ESL INSTRUCTOR AND TUTOR


SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

ESL Instructor with extensive experience in providing support for a culturally diverse clientele. Successful background in office and classroom management to research and develop lesson plans, create and adapt materials for individuals and groups. Proven success in implementing and managing projects from start to finish in a deadline driven environment. Articulate communicator with excellent verbal and writing skills. Self -motivated and detail oriented, skilled in managing multiple tasks to achieve set goals. Accurately ability in keeping attendance records, tracking testing and assessment outcomes.  Computer proficiency: MS Word, Excel.

Communication
MS Office Suite
Training
Audio Visual 
Customer Service
Type 55 wpm
Spanish
Smart board 


SELECTED AUDLT ESL INSTRUCTOR SKILLS

Used communication skills and research in designing curriculum to present
lessons to second language cosmetology classes.
Utilized customer service strategies for class retention resulting in doubling the number of participants receiving 85% needed to pass to the next level.
Assisted computer lab participants with computer support in order to increase their knowledge and understanding of software to learn English.
Researched on line ESL sites for extended practice in listening, reading and grammar and attended maximum amount of  continuing education development.
Implemented motivational activities to practice learning in a upbeat environment.
Developed English as a Second Language lessons based on curriculum model and proven strategies.
Published on line blog of stories and grammar lessons for classroom absentees.
Provided guidance in preparation and completion of portfolios for The California State Department of Education's observation. 




HELEN HARRIS	Page 3	
HELEN HARRIS						 	 	Page 2
714- 418-3618 						 harhelen@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Huntington Beach  Union High School District,					   1987-2010
 Parkview Adult and Coastline Beauty College, H. B., CA		
	English as a Second Language and vocational English Instructor

Instructed academic and competency based ESL, Vocational English, citizenship, classes part time for adults of diverse educational backgrounds.
Developed English as a Second Language lessons based on curriculum model and gave computer- assisted instruction in Microsoft Word and ESL software programs using varied methodologies.  
Accurately maintained records, placement and promotional tests for administrative purposes.
 Participated and presented for staff development and mentor program.
 Provided needs assessments for learned based interests and concerns.


TUTOR
WyzAnt, 
On-line tutoring service								 2010-2012

Professional Tutors of America, Anaheim, CA 					2010-2011

Welcome to English, Laguna Woods, CA 					2007-2010

ELT Language School, Lincolnshire, ILL						2007-2009
				
Lexicon Languages, Los Angeles, CA						1990-1999

Private English tutor to university students, professionals, and elementary students
who have English as a second language. Raised skill levels in reading, vocabulary, pronunciation, accent reduction, comprehension, conversation, and grammar.




HELEN HARRIS	Page 3	
714- 418-3618 						 harhelen@gmail.com


EDUCATION, CREDENTIAL, AND CERTIFICATION

DEGREES
M.A., Teacher of Second Language, Alliant International University, Irvine, CA, 	1991
							
Concentration: TESOL
Thesis: Hispanic Adult learners of ESL
	
B.A., University of California, Los Angles, CA					1970
Concentration: Education/Art/History

CREDENTIAL
Credential: Standard Elementary and Adult California Credential for life.		1971					 

CERTIFICATES
MS Word, Excel, Outlook	 2010
Digital photography and Adobe Photoshop CS5 classes. 	2010
Experience Unlimited, EDD One Stop	2010
Goodwill Microenterprise Program	 2011

			





  
    academic
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Audio
  
  
    communication skills
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Digital photography
  
  
    English
  
  
    instruction
    Instructor
  
  
    listening
  
  
    mentor
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office Suite
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    MS Word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    next
  
  
    reading
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    research
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    staff development
  
  
    stories
  
  
    tutoring
  
  
    55 wpm
    Type
  


