
Mary B. Smith
4511 Don Milagro Drive, Los Angeles, CA  90008
Home (323) 294-4833
Cell (213) 359-8556
Email:  mbsmith1952@hotmail.com



OBJECTIVE:	TELECOMMUNICATIONS SR. MANAGEMENT 
		Utilize mature, polished, professional management skills to provide superior
		quality performance to the organization.  Experienced DS0, DS1, DS3, OC3, 
                         OC48, OC12, DSL, DLC, VoIP, #5ESS and DMS-500 switching systems, OSS,
                         RF Systems, Data Center Applications and support, IPTV, FTTN, FTTP, ATM, 
Outside Plant (OSP), LEC Interface and order processing, Frame Relay, IPTV, 
CVoIP, IP Multi-Media Subsystems (IMS), Healthcare support, ITIL concepts, 
MPLS, WiFi, Virtualization, Technical Switch Architecture, Routing, Project 
Management, SONET, Network Elements, Capacity Mgmt.	

SKILLS:
	Microsoft Word			Microsoft Project			Graphics/Reports
	RFP/RFQ 			Microsoft Access			Microsoft Excel
	Vendor Management		Project/Program Management		Microsoft PowerPoint
	QoS				Change Management			Word Perfect
	Typing (90 wpm)		Auto CAD				Microsoft Outlook
	Service Level Agreements	Contracts and Supplier Management	MOPs
	ITIL framework

EXPERIENCE:

ALCATEL-LUCENT INC.							04/07 - 02/10
Technical Project Manager/Change Manager
Manage customer solutions deployment of IPTV services, including all field deployment activities, EF&amp;I, installation, capacity planning, test and turn-up, Layer 1 validation and service configurations and video validation for all sites under my responsibility.  Developed SOW, project timeline, risk management, milestone tracking, materials management, technical resources assigned to the project.
Meet financial and performance milestones for Alcatel-Lucent to insure contractual compliance to customer's IPTV terms and conditions with Alcatel.
Perform site visits and travel frequently to customer sites.
Process MOPs, CRs, and change management documents for new build and migration activity.  Meet with change management committee daily to assess all CR activities, determine potential risks, deconflict activities across the network to minimize service impacts, prioritize daily load and approve MOPS and daily activities.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) for Change Management environment with emphasis on IT support services.
Collaborate and interface with interdepartmental organizations such as engineering on design, and architectural requirements, Program Management organization and developed Master Project Schedule and deployment timeline.
Field deployment activities, including vendor management, and customer satisfaction responsibilities
ALU Solutions include:  IPTV, CVoIP, IMS, OSS (Granite), 7750, 7330, 7450 routers
Attend ALU and customer meetings weekly regarding status of all activity, resolve jeopardies, review project timeline, etc.
Full responsibility of vendor management and job quality through site acceptance.
VoIP/ IMS upgrade and migration support for AT&amp;T CVoIP soft switches, including recommending best practice improvement.
LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS (formerly Broadwing Comm.)			07/06 - 03/07
Outside Plant Operations, Central Office &amp; Change Control Manager
Manage all OSP and Network  technicians in Southern California with responsibility for maintaining long-haul fiber network including restoration of fiber cuts or re-routes on fiber backbone.
Manage terminal operations in Southern California, all collocation facilities, and provisioning of circuits (DS1, DS3, OC3, OC12, OC48, OC192)
Manage (2) DMS-500 switches in Los Angeles, including power plant, switch routines, switch upgrades and/or patches, customer collocation activity at switch sites and switch monitoring.
Provisioning activity - Installation/Disconnect/MAC activity in switches
Managed switch and OSP capacity for future order activity.   Managed OSP construction projects, new builds and grooming activities, including CEEOT Building Blocks and local loops  Also switch upgrades to insure switching and network capacity for projects and customer installation.
Preventive maintenance responsibility of terminals, including battery maintenance, HVAC operations, site telemetry, including EF&amp;I responsibilities.
Terminal site security responsibilities.  Adhere to changes in National Security levels and adjust site security appropriately at all terminals and switch operations sites.
Responsible for all change management and engineering activities in Southern California, including originating engineering design changes, acquiring appropriate funding, equipment allocation and developing timelines for completion.  Develop engineering package, including scheduling and implementation of project activity.  
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) for Change Management environment with emphasis on IT support service.
Inventory of all new network elements and on-going reconciliation of existing network equipment and updating engineering systems to show accurate inventory.
Utilized ICGS system and CAD to update 'as built' drawings.
Interface with sales organization on customer activity.  Attend customer meetings with sales and conduct tours with potential customers.
On-call (24x7x365) for all network, terminal or switch issues in Southern California.  Interface with various Network Operations organizations on trouble conditions and call in appropriate technician to resolve trouble condition.
On-going training, coaching and development of technicians.  Cross training technicians on OSP restoration and damage simulation activities.
Responsible for insuring all appropriate site licenses are current (business licenses, tax licenses, Hazardous waste permits)
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS (early retirement)					08/05 - 07/06
Operations Manager-OSP/Construction
Managed 22 technicians responsible for installation and maintenance of customer service (residential and business customers) - POTS service, DSL, DS1, DS3 circuits
Managed technicians responsible for maintaining cable plant and restoration of cable cuts and dig activity to repair wet or defective areas of network cable plant.
On-call responsibilities for trouble conditions, network damages and customer troubles
District Safety specialist for 400 technicians and managers, including monthly safety coverage, incident reporting and tracking, safety improvement plans and recognition for safety adherence.
Responsible for MTTR and OTP objectives, capital and expense budgets
Coaching, training and performance evaluations of all technicians under my responsibility
Responsible for fiber to the premise installation/maintenance for enhanced FiOS video services
DIRECTV (laid off -company acquired)						12/00 - 12/03
Director, Field Engineering and Operations
Manage (53) Local Collection Facilities (LCFs) within U.S.  Receive and collect TV broadcast signals in all markets.
Manage Field Operations Managers and field engineering staff assigned to support national VoIP telecommunications systems, its redundant network components and associated hardware.  
Maintain Local Collection Facilities in various IXC collocation facilities throughout the U.S.  Coordinate network grooming and planned outages with various Telco providers.
Encode and transmit TV signals via nationwide ATM and Frame Relay networks to DIRECTV broadcast centers in Los Angeles, CA and Castle Rock, CO.
Prepare Request for Proposal (RFP) for field engineering support and service level agreements with telco and equipment providers.  Manage agreement milestones and support agreements.
Select vendors, manage budget, response time, performance at the Local Collection Facilities.
Facilitate build out of new Local Collection Facilities throughout the nation and prepare to transition old LCF to new LCF /ATM facility and longhaul transport network.
Develop and track timeline for facility builds, migration to ATM, vendor requirements, equipment spares, MTBF tracking, and daily tracking of network troubles that impact DIRECTV's signal quality.
Perform network analysis to insure service availability of 99%.
Point of contact for Chief Engineers throughout the U.S. on all technical / operational issues.
Insure compliance with FCC requirements of "Must Carry" to insure carriage of all local stations in designated market areas who desire carriage by DIRECTV.
Responsible for all expense and capital and expense budgets for equipment, spares, new city build budgets, SLA and vendor contracts.
Maintain private telecommunications network which includes ATM switches and Frame Relay network.
AT&amp;T LOCAL SERVICES, LOS ANGELES, CA					11/97 - 06/00
Operations Manager-Provisioning &amp; Maintenance
Perform all installation and maintenance at customer premise of (DS0, DS1, DS3) circuits, including testing and acceptance and circuit maintenance activities.
Managed switch and OSP capacity for future order activity.   Managed OSP construction projects or switch upgrades to insure adequate switching and network capacity for projects and customer installation..  Managed capital budgets and tracked capital allocations for capacity projects.
Installation of redundant fiber rings and node maintenance for Southern California.
Responsible for network grooming of facilities as additional LSO's are constructed.
Switch Sectorization chairperson for Los Angeles, moving customers to new switches by rate center.
Manage On-Time performance of all switch services orders in 2nd largest city in US to insure due dates are met.
Knowledgeable of Local Number Portability (LNP), including ports, NPAC, 10-digit triggers. 
Meet company standards on NVT (Network Validation Testing) for (23) existing DLCs in Los Angeles.
Work with Customer Service Center (CSC), switch engineering, Network Realization, OSP and design engineering in order to facilitate order provisioning process to insure On-Time Performance objectives is met *&gt;90% OTP)
Escalate LEC issues on meet point circuit orders to insure due date is met.
Responsible for allocations of budgets (forecasting, tracking), including Funding Authorization for equipment, tools, headcount (capital and expense)
Screen and repair all troubles involving switched services, voice, POTS, DID service to meet MTTR 
       standards.
Facilitate inter-departmental meetings associated with customer service quality initiatives (inclusive are Operations, Sales organization, Field Service, Technical Consultants, Project Management)
Received complaints and/or inquiries from customers regarding service issues.
Acting Director of Switch and Provisioning, receives calls, escalations, expedites from customers, Sales, or CSC or company executives.
Manage, develop and conduct performance evaluations of all service professionals in reporting group.
Manage relationship with customers, agents, CPE vendor, CSC organization, engineering and design to facilitate the transition of customer's service, while meeting customer desired due date (CDDD).
Headed team to establish critical date templates for UBL orders to allow smooth order flow to meet customer desired due date (CDDD).
BELLSOUTH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP., CHARLOTTE, NC      		11/76 - 03/97
Assistant Manager-Work Management Center - 1995 - 03/97
Supervised employees repairing customer equipment troubles in outside plant and central office.
Developed automated dispatch system for technician loading.
Monitor trouble report activity to insure prompt response to customer troubles. 
Received escalations on customer trouble reports (Residence, Business, MAC, LEC, IXC).
Assistant Manager-Recent Change Line Translations - 1990 - 07/95
Supervised 12 employees providing all customer services and features.
Negotiated all major account projects with Marketing and Customer Service.
Improved customer trouble report rate from 3.5% to .03% in three years.
Reduced overtime rate from &lt;40% to &gt;10% from 1990 to 1993.
Instrumental in development of Inter-departmental Project Coordination.
Maintained improvement in technical indexes from 01/91 - 07/93.
Assistant Manager-Central Office I&amp;M - 1976-1990
Installed software system for loading and dispatch of central office technicians.
Managed installation and maintenance technicians in central office (digital switched).
Managed electronic technicians in 24-hour Network Operations Surveillance Center.
Project Manager for all customer cutovers and coordination of internal "meets".

EDUCATION
Central Piedmont College, Charlotte, NC
1992 - International Exchange Broker - Export Specialist
1990 - Real Estate Sales, Brokerage, Zoning, Property Management / Development, Appraisal
1973 - Business Administration 

REFERENCES
Furnished Upon Request













  
    ATM
  
  
    Auto CAD
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    broadband
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    cable
  
  
    CAD
  
  
    capacity planning
  
  
    Change Management
    change management
  
  
    Coaching
    coaching
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    CA
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    cost analysis
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer services
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    features
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Frame Relay
  
  
    Graphics
  
  
    HVAC
  
  
    IMS
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
  
  
    IP
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    IVR
  
  
    MAC
  
  
    Director
  
  
    management skills
    Mgmt
  
  
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    materials management
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    access
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Exchange Server
  
  
    office
  
  
    Microsoft Outlook
  
  
    Microsoft PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Multi-Media
  
  
    NEC
  
  
    network analysis
  
  
    Network
    network
    networks
  
  
    order management
  
  
    OSS
  
  
    phone system
  
  
    problem resolution
  
  
    Program Management
  
  
    project design
  
  
    project design and coordination
    Project 
Management
    Project Management
    Project Coordination
    project management
  
  
    Property Management
  
  
    Proposal
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    repairing
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    routers
    Routing
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    servers
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    Service Level Agreements
    service level agreements
    SLA
  
  
    SONET
  
  
    switches
    Switch
    switch
  
  
    tax
  
  
    technician
  
  
    telecommunications
    TELECOMMUNICATIONS
  
  
    telemetry
  
  
    phone
  
  
    TV
  
  
    Typing
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrade
  
  
    Validation
    validation
  
  
    Vendor Management
    vendor management
  
  
    video
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    Word Perfect
  


