
                                             SAGAR SHAH
2301 E St NW, A914                                                                       sagushah07@gmail.com
Washington, DC 20037                                                                     (202) 247- 1070

EDUCATION
        Masters of Science in Computer Science                                           May 2013 (Expected)
        The George Washington University, Washington, DC

        Bachelors of Science in Information Technology                                   April 2009
        University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India

COURSE WORK
Computer Networks, Data Centers &amp; Cloud Computing, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Computer Systems
Architecture, Computer Security.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages                           : C, C++, Java
Web Technologies                                : HTML, XML, CSS
Databases                                       : MySQL, MS Access
IDE                                             : Netbeans, Eclipse
Cloud                                           : Amazon EC2, Amazon S3
Operating Systems                               : Windows XP, 7, Linux(Ubuntu)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Mavin Technologies, Mumbai, India
Aug 2010- July 2011
Designation : Software Developer
    Creation of UI pages using Java Server Pages (JSP), JavaScript and HTML.
    Enhancing the existing websites by addition of features.
    Implementation of Server Side Servlets and required database connectivity using JDBC.

Allied Digital Services Limited, Mumbai, India
May 2009- July 2010
Designation : Software Tester
     Designing &amp; Maintaining Test cases.
     Carried out Black &#173; Box testing like UI testing, Integration testing, Negative value Testing.
     Carried out White &#173; Box testing like LCSAJ.
     Load testing done via testing tool SiteBlaster viz. 3.0 for keeping track of some user statistics.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
The George Washington University, Washington, DC

Improvising Xen Hypervisor (Cloud Computing)                                              May 2012
     Even though Xen handles user instance data efficiently, if third party breaks into the system then user
       data is easily accessible to hacker. If the user data is encrypted and stored then even if the hacker hacks
       the system user data will be safe.
     We are adding an encryption/decryption module in blktap2 part of Xen Hypervisor where user data will
       be stored in encrypted form and it will be decrypted when user asks for it.
eSignIn System                                                                            Dec 2011
        The electronic class sign-in system resides on a single computer serving as a client- server system for
        back-end SQLite database using java database connectivity (JDBC) drivers.
        The system was developed to mark the attendance of the class electronically.

University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India

Tour Management Systems                                                            May 2009
    Designed a web based database application using Visual Basic 6.0 as front-end and MS-Access as back-
      end.
    The system was designed to plan the travel plans and keep records of the customers.

Website on Cricket History                                                           Nov 2008
    Maintaining the records of historic moments in cricket. Publishing articles on players info, match results,
       upcoming tournaments etc.
    Live updates on score and day to day events.
    Website was designed in HTML.

Premier Automotive Services                                                            May 2008
    Design and implemented data model for the PAS system using My SQL.
    The product maintains records of the customers like name, address, vehicle, date etc. to keep a track of
       basic care maintenance like tire rotations and oil changes, diagnosing complex problems etc.
    Managing records of the previously used services.


SUMMARY

        Experience in analysis, design, development, integration and testing of applications using Java, C, and
        C++ technologies
        Experience working in Eclipse and Tomcat.
        Extensive development experience in object oriented analysis, design and programming (OOA/OOD)
        Fluent in the Windows and LINUX operating environments
        Excellent communication skills and a demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks as well as work
        independently or in teams.



  
    basic
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    client- server
  
  
    Computer Networks
  
  
    encryption
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Databases
    database
  
  
    Dec
  
  
    decryption
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    features
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    Java
    java
  
  
    JSP
    Java Server Pages
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    mark
  
  
    MS-Access
    MS Access
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MySQL
    My SQL
  
  
    oil
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    Servlets
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    Systems
Architecture
  
  
    Visual Basic 6.0
  
  
    web server
  
  
    Website
    websites
  
  
    articles
  
  
    XML
  


