
TAMEKA N. SIMMONS
3156 Imperial Drive Macon, GA 31211 (478) 719-7155 Tameka.Simmons@cox.net


BUSINESS PROFESSIONAL



Education	Georgia Southern University	Statesboro, GA
		B.B.A. (with emphasis in Human Resource Management) December 1999
		Member of SHRM-Society for Human Resource Managers 1998-1999
                             CPAR- Certified Patient Account Representative 2009

Qualifications
Summary	
	Extensive experience providing customer care and implementation services within the business to clients (external and internal). In-depth understanding of core business processes, including customer service, and working in a challenging environment. Able to define, communicate and fulfill project goals and break complex issues into manageable parts. Extremely adept at multi-tasking and time management. Demonstrated performance has resulted in a successful career and produced highly satisfied clients.

. 



Software Skills:   Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Access), Adobe Acrobat
		 Mckesson Healthquest System, 3M Health Data Management Data Entry
		 Cerner/Citrix Applications:  Powerworks, Schapptbook Scheduling System, Etc.
                              EDI Acess Center-HDX


Professional Experience							


		IKON Financial Services - Macon, GA						        10/00-08/04
Senior Contract Associate

Processed new contracts including State, Local &amp; Government, completed account maintenance, and supported internal and external customers.


Logged, stamped, and dated 150 new lease agreements averaging over $20K monthly
POC for over 300 customers in Central and Northern Texas 
Reviewed documents to ensure compliance of IKON's policies and procedures
Initiated pending report on non-compliance leases
Resolved account/cash posting problems
Answered ACD calls and updated accounts
Trained team members  on contract processing
Reviewed invoices for accuracy and mailed to customers
Processed customer/marketplace refunds
Reviewed lease disputes daily-initiated actions to resolve customer complaints
Modified lease agreement/contracts (terms &amp; conditions) based on customer requirements
Interfaced with field representatives to resolve pending lease issues in conference calls

IKON Office Solutions (Manpower)-Macon, GA			                                           03/00-10/00
Assistant Assumption Specialist

Acted as a contact for assumptions, processed customers request to assign accounts to a new customer account number which included obtaining credit approval, prepared documentation, and communicated with customers throughout the assumption process.

Updated and maintained over 300 assumption accounts in an Excel spreadsheet
Consulted with the IKON's credit department
Communicated with sales representatives on assumption process
Answered all incoming calls

Georgia Southern University-Statesboro, GA		                                                          10/99-12/99
Associate Coordinator (Volunteer Internship)

Assisted and worked closely with supervisors to identify and plan for upcoming recruitment and campus events.
 
Coordinated campus events including the United Way
Filed, faxed, and tracked employee information in an Excel Format
Assisted with 10 employee new hire orientations and training sessions
Reviewed, prepared, and distributed incoming and outgoing correspondence
Greeted visitors
Answered calls for supervisors and directed to the appropriate personnel



  
    ACD
  
  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    credit
  
  
    Data Entry
  
  
    Data Management
  
  
    diagnosis
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    Government
  
  
    Human Resource
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Access
    access
    Acess
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Word
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    quality
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    Research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    telephone
  


