
Sudheer
Ph: 732-226-0048                                                                                       vijay@sunmergesystems.com     
Oracle Developer

SUMMARY:
Have over 7 years of experience in the development of client/server and multi tired applications using Oracle Database, SQL, and PL/SQL on different platforms like Windows NT/2000/98/95./XP, UNIX.
Extensive experience in the database analysis, development and maintenance of business applications using Oracle 10g, 9i, 8i, PL/SQL Developer.
Extensive experience in analysis and design of database including ER Diagrams.
Excellent understanding of the software development lifecycle (SDLC).
Expertise in developing SQL, PL/SQL scripts in oracle distributed environment.
Expertise in Oracle Stored subprograms, Packaged subprograms, Cursors, Cursor Variables, Collections, Triggers, Native Dynamic SQL.
Expertise in distributed query performance tuning by using EXPLAIN_PLAN, SQL Trace and TKPROF Utilities, hints provided by oracle.
Extensively used oracle tools like TOAD and SQL Navigator.
Experience in version control tools like Clear case.
Experience in OLTP like Oracle, SQL server.
Expertise in RDBMS development including Oracle SQL, PL/SQL database backend programming with stored procedures, Functions and packages.
Experience in writing complex SQL Queries, created materialized views.
Experience in Data migration Projects which uses SQL Loader, PL/SQL programming, coding Procedures, triggers and functions
  Expert in Export, Import and SQL*Loader Utilities.
Strong knowledge in ETL tool like SSIS.
Expertise in writing OS level tools which interact with oracle by using UNIX korn shell scripting.
Experience in data extraction, data migration and Data loading.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to manage responsibilities individually or as part of a team environment.

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Databases:	Oracle 10g/9i/ 8i, SQL Server, Ms-Access	

Languages:	SQL, PL/SQL, Pro* C, C, C++, Java, HTML, XML	

Tools:                                                	TOAD, SQL Navigator, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader ,SSIS	

Operating systems:	Windows XP/NT/2000/98/95,Windows vista, MS DOS, UNIX	

Office Tools	MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Visio	

Others:	Object Oriented Designing Methodology, RDBMS Concepts	





PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

2000

DCS2000 is a State-of-the-Art Claims Processing System. It integrates claims, eligibility, and billing functions. And, since claims are keyed directly into DCS2000, errors are greatly reduced. This "one-stop" claims processing system's unique capabilities are at the core of how Delta Dental delivers superior service to its members.

Responsibilities

Used SQL Loader to load eligibility files in to database through UNIX shell scripts.
Implemented Row level Security(RLS) on tables to have different companies data in tables
instead of maintaining different databases.
Implemented Data Masking to mask sensitive information like SSN's,Date of Birth.
Used Oracle locator to retrieve distance between two places by retrieving longitudes and latitudes.
Worked on Several Oracle packages and Views to meet ongoing business requirements.
Created new tables, views, queries, PL/SQL Function, packages, procedures for new enhancement in the application.
Used Exception Handling extensively for the ease of debugging and displaying the error messages in the application. 
Generated XML and flat files using oracle supplied packages like DBMS_XML and UTL_FILE.
Concept of Bulk Collect was used for huge data manipulations.



Environment:
 Oracle 10g, TOAD 9.1, UNIX, Win /XP, SVN Tortoise.




BCBS, FL                                                                                                             Apr 09 - Nov 10
Project: Share IT

  The project involved in developing Medicare solutions for customers in Florida. The project includes
 Enrollment of members, generating Medicare bills and claims.

 Responsibilities

Designed, created and tested enhancements to a high performance OLTP client server system processing for both daily and scheduled financial transactions.
Involved in designing Technical Design Documents based on health care Business requirements.
Extensively used advanced PL/SQL concepts (e.g., varrays, PL/SQL tables, cursors, user defined object types, exception handling, database packages, nested tables) to manipulate data
Wrote packages and procedures to move data from one table to another.
 Created indexes on tables to improve performance of the queries
Used BULK COLLECT to fetch large volume data.
Used Control - M a third party tool to schedule various others batch processing jobs.
Involved in the performance tuning of various database queries. The queries retrieved data from different   tables in multiple databases.
Used EXECUTE IMMEDIATE to execute dynamic SQL.  
Designed and implemented file transfer mechanisms, using FTP, Secure FTP in support of file transfers between internal corporate systems and external vendors.
Explain Plan, TK Prof in tuning queries.
Used SQL *LOADER to load flat files in to tables.
 Used analytical functions like LEAD, LAG.
Raised Siebel exception using plsql packages.
Developed and implemented dozens of automated batch processing jobs, running in numerous development, test and production environments, involving hundreds of Unix shell scripts, Unix utilities and occasional short SQL scripts.

Environment:
 Oracle 10g/9i, SQL Navigator 5.5, Rational Clear case 7.0, Quality Center 9.2, UNIX, Win 2000/XP.



Genworth Financial, VA		                                                                        Sep 08 - Jan 09  

Role: Oracle Developer
The project involved developing online tools and Web Applications for the financial advisors of the 
                     Company. 

Responsibilities:
Understanding Account Aggregation and Asset Classification, Bonds, Stock, Mutual Funds and other financial domain terminology. 
Designed Technical Design Documents based on business requirements and followed standards designed by the company.
Involved in the design and implementation of the process for loading the monthly loads coming from S &amp; P into staging tables in the Oracle Database using Shell scripts and PL/SQL scripts. Loading includes writing Perl scripts to fetch, parse and load data from the external sources
Developed packages for processing data in the staging tables according to the Clients requirements
Wrote Packages, Stored procedures and functions for accessing, inserting, modifying and deleting data in the database from GUI. 
Used Refcursors and Collections for accessing complex data resulted from joining of large number of tables. 
Used Exception Handling extensively for the ease of debugging and displaying the error messages in the application. 
Optimized existing queries for better performance and less impact on database. 
Used Materialized views in places where the data does not change very frequently. 
Created various UNIX Shell Scripts for scheduling and loading process.
Maintained the batch processes using Unix Shell Scripts.
Validated customer credits and adjustments by writing procedures.
Identified undefined accounts, invalid transaction and handled them through exceptions.
Expert in Unix shell script programming - Bourne, Korn and "C" shells, PERL
      UNIX utilities (Cronjob,grep).
Designed and implemented file transfer mechanism, using FTP, Secure in support of file transfers 
     Both to PeopleSoft from internal systems and external vendors, and from PeopleSoft to 
     Stanford clients and vendors.

Environment: Oracle 9i /10g, TOAD, SQL*Loader, Windows XP, UNIX, Erwin, PERL.
 
Sprint, VA  						                             	     Jan 08 - Sep 08

Role: Oracle Developer

        The project was originally developed out of a need to have as much strategic information on-line to best assist managers in obtaining information at various levels. 

Responsibilities:
Wrote several stored procedures/Triggers in Oracle (PL/SQL) for the Enterprise Portal Application and data merge.
Worked extensively on various kinds of queries such as Sub-Queries, Correlated Sub-Queries, Dynamic SQL and Union Queries and concentrated much on Query tuning. Worked extensively on hierarchical queries.
Worked on data migration from SQL Server to Oracle 9i.  
Involved in daily, weekly and Monthly load of data from Mainframe data set to Oracle database.
Worked on Very Large Database Environment in terabytes. And tuned queries for performance. 
Extensively used ETL to load data from various flat files which involved both fixed width as well as delimited files. 
Developed and maintained lot of batch scripts in UNIX shell scripts, like scheduled data loading, Create, databases, Tuning and backup and Recovery.

Environment: 
Oracle9i, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, PL/SQL, SQL Server 2000, UNIX, Corn Shell script, 
Windows NT, UNIX.






 3i InfoTech, INDIA                                     				                                    Jul 05- Oct 07 
          
        Client: State Bank of Hyderabad

     www.sbyhd.com redesign application involves extensive use of Oracle queries and procedures for seamless application   flow. This involves extensive rewrite of queries, procedures in Oracle 8i as the database, which involves multi-user and multiple development location.

      Role: Oracle Developer
     
       Responsibilities:
Written PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Functions and Packages and Triggers to implement business
          rules into the application. 
Used SQL*Loader to load data from Excel file into temporary table and developed PL/SQL program to load data from temporary table into base Tables.
Developed numerous programs using PL/SQL and many packages to do the validations as per requirements.
Used Dynamic SQL (DBMS_SQL, DBMS_DDL) in function and procedure.
Generate SQL Scripts and create views for reports.
Used Toad to Extract and test the data in the database.
Developed Database Triggers to enforce security.  
Involved in Data Extraction using UTL_FILES in PL/SQL.
Prepare technical documents for all the programs developed &amp; generated.
Responsible in coding  and debugging.

 Environment: Oracle8i/9i, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, Toad, Windows NT/XP


Education:
Bachelors in Computer Science Engineering, JNTU, India  













  
    Art
  
  
    backup
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Bonds
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    Clear case 7.0
  
  
    client server
  
  
    com
  
  
    Concept
  
  
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    DBMS
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    Erwin
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    fetch
  
  
    financial
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    Funds
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    Ms-Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    Win
    Windows
  
  
    2000
    Win 2000
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    MS DOS
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Navigator 5.5
    Navigator
  
  
    Object Oriented
  
  
    Operating systems
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle9
    Oracle
    oracle
  
  
    Oracle database
    Oracle Database
  
  
    plsql
    Oracle (PL/SQL
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle8i
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    PERL
    Perl
  
  
    processes
  
  
    coding
    programming
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    RDBMS
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    script
    Shell scripts
  
  
    Shell script
  
  
    Siebel
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    SQL Loader
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Tables
    tables
  
  
    TOAD
    Toad
    TOAD 9.1
  
  
    unique
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    UNIX Shell Scripts
    UNIX shell scripts
    Unix Shell Scripts
    Unix shell scripts
    Unix shell
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    vista
  
  
    Web Applications
  
  
    Written
  
  
    XML
  


