
			NEETU P NOTANI
	                           	 	n_neetu@yahoo.com
			(703) 593 9698

SUMMARY
Respected professional accomplished in leading IT organizations to achieve challenging business goals and strategies.  Broad experience in software development, business and data analysis and information management technologies. Advanced experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, data mining, top management reporting, business performance reporting, predictive analytics, Finance/Budget reporting.  Strong team leadership and communication, analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to design and implement complex business requirements. Expertise includes

Business Intelligence	
Data Modeling 
ETL
Project Management
Planning and Forecasting



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
EDGE (Enabling decisions for Global Execution)
July 2005 - present

Worked and led the project to support CEO Dashboard for CEO of IBM Samuel J Palmisano for 7 years.
Created reports for CFO, CIO, General Managers and 1st line managers to take timely decisions.
Provides concise consolidated views of a wide variety of information across all business units and geographies. Including structured and semi-structured data
Its demand, Its leads, its market opportunities - we can roll it up electronically for every client team, every customer set, every Geography, every product line everywhere in the world.
Business Performance Reporting with trusted data sources. Data ownership is clearly defined and data owners are responsible for data quality, reliability and timeliness.
Helps IBM executives identify shortfalls in the sales pipeline or projected revenue early in the quarter when action can be taken to address them.
Focused Reports Analytics and Alerts
Provides Sales Management metrics such as Validated and Qualified Pipeline and Dollarized Loads Provides these Reports from C level executives to 1st line managers and staff
Align each units critical information and metrics to their business processes and management system.
"Aggregate-Up" critical information from lowest possible level
Provide drill-down capability to identify issues and problems early in the business cycle and facilitate fast analysis and decision making.
Experience manipulating various data sources to support Senior Management decisions.
Weekly Revenue headlights are provided for all businesses. 
The Key Financial Indicators section includes Revenue, Controllable Expense and  PTI.
The latest forecasts for the current quarter and full year are compared to standard reference points. Generally, the comparisons are Year to year, (YtY), quarter to quarter (QtQ) and % of Budget. 
Poor performance of a Business unit.
There are also links to other useful information such as: Financial History, Revenue Participation, Customer Satisfaction, Technology Milestones, Financial History, and the Annual Report by Business Segment.


Hyperion to Cognos migration 
Jan 2011 - Mar 2012	
Delivered 6 Hyperion reports that are currently in the portal using Cognos framework manager and report studio ahead of anticipated 2Q12 plan. 
Did this in three-step process that leverages an additional IBM technology, DB2, to create a business data layer (or ETL), consolidating the data into a simpler and more efficient format that can be stored and then used by Framework manager. 
Acquired knowledge from this project that will enable to use data modeling and consultant expertise to provide an expanded business model through BI@IBM and the BACC(Data layer)
Collaboration and teamwork cross all skills.  Redesign concept of coverage amongst each other.
Long term plan to restructure RESO IW based on Cognos modeling.  

Active Insight Dashboards		
Jun 2008 - Mar 2010					
Worked on Active Insight (AI) dashboards and scorecards for a new BI portal, for the Client Value Initiative (CVI) to help drive efficiency and excellence in client relations, sales operations, and resources. 
AI and Websphere Designer were new tools I had to learn on the job in a short period of time. My success in this area leads to some critical roles in this project. 

IBM GBS 
Software Specialist
Oct 2002 - Jun 2005
Worked on automating delivery cadence process for IBM. My role was in analyzing business scenarios for extracting data from different geographies into global warehouse.
Worked on School District Data Warehouse Project as Data Analyst/Reports Developer. Job responsibility includes conducting interview with Clients and Analyzing there requirements. 
Did extensive amount of Requirement Analysis. Interact with users, prepare user requirements and specifications. 
Utilized Erwin for data modeling. 
My role included Design, mapping and development. 
Knowledge of Extracting, Transforming (or Transporting) and Loading (ETL) data from source systems into the data warehouse.
Involved in Development and Deployment of Complex Reports. 
Divided the requirements in different Subject Areas and developed Report Templates which is like a Prototype based on Analysis. 
Based on requirements Translated Business Requirements in to technical Specs for development Team and help them develop Reports using Oracle Discoverer. 
Tuning and optimization of SQL queries. Did a lot of Gap Analysis. 
Worked on Conceptual Data models for Enterprise Data Warehouse and also assisted with Business Analysis
Responsible for gathering business requirements from the client. 
Worked closely with Logical Data modeling team to create Conceptual to Logical data mappings
Developed Used Cases in health care industry. 
Worked on Used Cases for subject areas for travel and lodging industry 






Worked as technical architect in banking industry.  The project required 

Defining the end-state architecture design to support the business's vision
Developed front-end portal for Payment Requisitions using Forms 6i and procedures and triggers using SQL. Developed reports using Reports 6i. Using standard oracle template form as a base developed new form.


Clients:	Marriot	 Prince William County Schools, Arundel County Schools, Care first, Aviva, Capital One and AOL.

Pricewaterhouse Coopers Consulting
Software Specialist
Nov 2000- Oct 2002 
Worked in different areas of Banking and Finance.
Gather Business requirements.
Worked on Reporting Data Warehouse implementation to develop extracts for different geographies.  The engagement requires in-depth business analysis of client business processes as well as the application of PwC methodologies to create an effective, value-added, centralized data warehouse. 
My responsibilities as an ETL Analyst included to work on Mainframe environment, understand the Bank's data models. 
Process involved interacting with Business users and Development of the System using ETI* Extract.
 Provide an analysis of the end to end nightly financial reporting process.  
Participated in the design of improvements to the report generation process flow that would increase efficiencies in the reporting cycle time.
Analyzed and designed the technical and business requirements and defined the strategies to load data into the Warehouse
Worked on project plan, process flow diagram, and the unit test 


Clients:	Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi, Fidelity, Fleet Bank Boston, Quick and Reilly

System Integrated Technology 
Client: Gillette
Data warehouse Specialist
Aug 1999 to Nov 2000
Participated as a team member in the extraction of data from SAP R/3 and other legacy systems from various Geographies using ETI [Evolutionary Technologies Inc] and other tools. 
Created new conversions using ETI to extract data and to generate Pro* C scripts and shell Scripts. 
Developed PL /SQL scripts for system testing to ensure the data integrity. 
Worked on version control.  
Created Web-based reports using BRIO reporting tools. 

Texport Industries  
Oracle Forms Developer
Sep 1997 to Jul 1999
Worked on Export Management System
Worked on Financial account system
Worked on Payroll system






Jaysynth
Software Programmer
Jul 1997 to Jul 1996			 
 Worked on sales ordering. Involved in design and development of sales order, shipping, transportation, and customer invoicing application. 
The second phase of the project involved design and implementation of inventory management systems.
Involved in design and creation of GUI to maintain products and customer profiles. The system consists of queries on sales and stock figures. 


				Education 
	Bachelor of Engineering in Computer science, Pune University, INDIA.
	Higher Diploma in Oracle/ Developer 2000, Concourse Information Technology, INDIA
	Active Insight Websphere (IBM)
	Cognos Report Studio (IBM)

		Technical Skills
Industries:	Financial Industry, Banking, Insurance, Educational, Consumer Product, Entertainment	

Project Domain: 


Customer Relationship Management Solutions, Performance Improvement, Application Development etc.  	

Hardware:	HP 9000, IBM Mainframes, PCs, Compatibles	

Operating Systems:	Windows, Unix	

Computer Languages:	SQL	

Databases:	ORACLE, DB2	

Development Tools:	Cognos Report studio, Cognos Framework manager, Lotus Suite, ETL Tools like ETI, Informatica, Brio, Business Objects, Forms, Reports (Developer 2000), Brio (SQR), Discoverer, ERWin, Visio, Websphere designer, Ab Initio.	

Applications:	Microsoft Office 97, Microsoft Office 2000, Oracle 11i	

Training:	Ab Initio, Informatica, COGNOS , Websphere designer	



				Certifications
Cognos 
Informtica
Active Insight Websphere designer

			Conferences
Participated in poster presentation for IBM CEO Dashboard in Technical leadership conference on May 18th 2011.
	












  
    AOL
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    Application Development
  
  
    architect
  
  
    AI
  
  
    banking
    Banking
  
  
    BRIO
    Brio
  
  
    Budget
  
  
    Business Analysis
    business analysis
  
  
    BI
  
  
    Business Objects
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    C
  
  
    cadence
  
  
    COGNOS
    Cognos
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    concept
  
  
    concise
  
  
    consultant
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
  
  
    Client
    client
    Clients
    client relations
  
  
    Customer Satisfaction
  
  
    version control
  
  
    Data modeling
    data modeling
  
  
    data warehouse
    Data Warehouse
  
  
    Databases
  
  
    decision making
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    ERWin
    Erwin
  
  
    ETI
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    Senior Management
  
  
    fast
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    Forms
    Forms 6
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HP 9000
  
  
    Hyperion
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Compatibles
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IBM Mainframes
  
  
    Websphere
  
  
    Informatica
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    inventory management
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Lotus Suite
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    market
  
  
    Microsoft Office 2000
  
  
    Microsoft Office 97
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    migration
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    ORACLE
    Oracle
    oracle
  
  
    Oracle/ Developer 2000
    Developer 2000
    Developer
  
  
    Oracle Discoverer
  
  
    PL /SQL
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    Prince
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Requirement
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Sales Management
  
  
    SAP R/3
  
  
    scripts
    shell Scripts
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    SQR
  
  
    structured
  
  
    teamwork
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    vision
  


