
KRISTEN WIRTH 
725 Twin Peaks St. * Simi Valley, CA 93065 * (805) 404-2163 
 kristen_wirth@yahoo.com * linkedin.com/in/kristenwirth

SUMMARY 

Resourceful Marketing Communications Professional with expertise in planning and driving integrated marketing communication solutions by translating brand strategies into successful deliverables. Proven ability 
to build and maintain productive business relationships, unify and motivate teams, and foster creativity and cooperation. Excellent negotiation, communication, and concept-to-completion project management skills. 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

*   Strategic Communication Planning &amp; Execution    	*   Integrated Marketing Campaigns    
*   Event Planning and Promotions    			*   Creative Direction
*   Cross-Functional Team Leader    			*   Marketing Operations Management 
*   Performance and Vendor Management    			*   Client Relations and Account Planning    

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

THE HIBBERT GROUP, Thousand Oaks, CA/Trenton, NJ					2010-2011
Account Manager/Project Manager
Managed project implementation, fulfillment, and distribution for Sales and Marketing teams in support of Amgen Inc., a leading biotechnology company. Partnered with Marketing, Compliance and advertising agencies to facilitate the strategic direction of direct-to-consumer and direct-to-physician campaigns and field communications. Provided operational leadership and identified cross-functional implications.
Conducted key inventory review meetings to maximize inventory performance and met or exceeded established inventory benchmarks.  
Identified cost-cutting opportunities for fulfillment of marketing tools for regional and national brand sales meetings, achieving a savings of 25% to overall meeting budgets.

BIONESS INC. Valencia, CA  							                    2008-2009 
Marketing Manager/Creative Director  
Supervised five person marketing communications team challenged to identify promotional opportunities and execute tactical solutions for award winning medical device company. Managed all aspects of corporate marketing including brand development and integration across multiple communication channels, target strategy, and vendor management. 
Sourced, evaluated, and negotiated contract for customizable online StoreFront system to streamline management and distribution of 200+ corporate marketing and clinical training deliverables with an expected first year savings of $170K.
Managed multilingual brand integration of print collateral for international business-to-business product commercialization program with expected first year sales of $3M.
Led realignment of in-house marketing team to chart against corporate priorities, significantly improving branding consistency across all product and business deliverables.

AMGEN INC. Thousand Oaks, CA  							     2004-2007 
Marketing Communications Brand Manager (2005-2007) 
Partnered with brand leadership and managed seven person cross-functional marketing communications team 
to plan and implement integrated communication programs for $4B co-promotional brand, Enbrel. Collaborated with co-promotional brand partners to define and execute strategies of communicating leadership objectives to sales force.


Kristen Wirth * Page 2 * (805) 404-2163 * kristen_wirth@yahoo.com * linkedin.com/in/kristenwirth

Led matrix team through concept and execution of multiple co-promotional sales meetings and tradeshows with budgets of $1.5M, achieving highest survey results from attendees in past three years. 
Drove new level of cooperation between co-promotional brand and matrix teams, resulting in a more unified brand image and leadership messages during sales meetings. 
Managed account review process and presented budget status updates for brand leadership review for approximately $5M Marketing Communications budget, resulting in timely and accurate accruals.
Developed customized branding program for advocacy ad campaign, resulting in an initial cost savings 
of 70%. 
Identified and implemented alternative production solutions for Medical Communication programs, decreasing operating costs by 50%. 

Marketing Communications Traffic Specialist (2004-2005) 
Established, managed, and communicated directions, expectations, and schedules for marketing communication programs including print collateral, tradeshows and national sales meeting deliverables for two in-line oncology brands and multiple oncology pipeline candidates. Direct liaison between the creative team, outside vendors, and in-house studio design department.
Managed production of numerous deliverables for national DTC campaign. Campaign resulted in 13% sales lift in four months in test markets and 300% ROI in national market. 
Coordinated over $1M investment in production and printing of patient chemotherapy education program, resulting in accurate execution and fulfillment of 90K deliverables. 
Collaborated successfully with suppliers to produce and deliver with 100% accuracy a 306 page industry standard reference guide within eight weeks.   

BEAR ENTHUSIAST MARKETING GROUP, Westlake Village, CA  			     2001-2004 
Marketing Production Manager (2002-2004) 
Directed, coordinated and supervised in-house team of creative designers to produce high impact production solutions. 
Coordinated production of key national campaign, resulting in sell out of initial product shipment. 
Managed execution of brand identity, advertising, and point-of-sale materials, increasing sales of product and licensed accessories by more than 300%. 
Negotiated with printers and designers to develop cost effective advertising campaign, generating sales of millions with initial launch. 
Supervised creative execution and delivery of dealer point-of-sale materials. Led decision to make material available on line for faster distribution, increasing sales of up to 197%. 

Media Buyer/Marketing Production Manager (2001-2002) 
Partnered with Account Managers to design and produce collateral and media campaign strategies. 
Leveraged and secured reduced print media rates for ad placements and added-value direct mailings for more than 15 clients. Provided cost savings for one client of more than $220K. 
Researched and negotiated all production costs, supplying clients with best cost effective solutions and an average savings of more than 30%. 

BREITER CONCEPTS, Westlake Village, CA  							2000 
Creative Accounts Coordinator 

BERT BERDIS &amp; COMPANY, Hollywood, CA  						     1997-2000 
Voice Over Casting Director/Producer                           

WELLER/GROSSMAN PRODUCTIONS, North Hollywood, CA  				     1995-1996 
Television Segment Producer 

EDUCATION &amp; PROFESSIONAL TRAINING 
Master of Arts Degree, Strategic Communications * National University, San Diego

Bachelor of Arts Degree, Communications / Television Production * California State University, Sacramento 

Computer Graphics / Interactive Multimedia Design Courses * University of California, Los Angeles Extension Certificate Program



  
    accruals
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    ad
    advertising
  
  
    brand identity
    brand development
    branding
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    concept
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Computer Graphics
  
  
    image
  
  
    international business
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    Marketing Communications
    marketing communications
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Multimedia Design
  
  
    page
  
  
    policies
  
  
    print media
  
  
    printers
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    vendor management
  


