
John Missale
318 Harmon Cove Towers                                                                                                john.missale@gmail.com
Secaucus, New Jersey 07094                                                                                          
Mobile: 917-376-8855	

 SENIOR IT TECHNOLOGY MEDIA PLATFORM, INFRASTRUCTURE
 &amp; APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT   

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Working Artist Enterprises - Mountainside, N.J.                             April. 2010 - present                                                                                   
Currently providing media clients with technology investment guidance, innovation, business process, application development and prediction analytics for web, iOS, Android mobile devices, and TV.

Alvarez and Marsal - New York, New York			     Nov. 2010 - April 2011
Provided project management, architecture, business process consulting and legacy process integration on Verizon's new, Content In the Cloud, CMS and Distribution service to Cinema, TV, Web and Mobile. Activities include business processes for client on-boarding, order management, digital video content management (Oracle UCM), Right's Management, QC/QA process, testing, CLCT and content certification for streaming and file based video, encoding, encryption, ingest, CPE, connectivity and network content acceleration.

ScreenVision LLP - New York, New York                                           Sept. 2007 - May 21, 2010
Chief Technology Officer 
Responsible for IT, vision, technology roadmap, governance, financial analytics, business and technology modeling, application development, infrastructure and program management for national satellite and broadband digital content distribution network for feature films, live events and advertising to cinema networks, web and mobile platforms. Screenvision represents over 16K cinema screens in the US.
Responsible for the launch of a private Cloud web based Advanced Advertising and Sales Platform, .Net implementation to manage advertising campaigns and digital video media across D and E Cinema Screens, Web and Mobile serving 200+ agencies and thousands of local advertisers. Aligned all internal and external stakeholder requirements to internal business goals and interactive advertising standards. The platform provides, master taxonomy, Order to Cash, open source CRM, DAM, RM, ROI optimization, targeting, traffic scheduling, self service module, dynamic pricing engine, social mining and analytics for inventory forecasting. Third party integration included Nielsen, Comscore, online ticketing (Fandango, Live Nation, AOL) and POS systems. The new platform lowered OPEX by 25%. 
Managed the software development of a Cloud B2B Web Portal - .Net, C# implementation accessed by advertisers, agencies, exhibitors and internal groups. The Portal collected theater ticket sales data, as run advertising logs" and theater systems QA data. The site also streamed ad video for exhibitor content approvals and provided chat. 
Managed 24x7 NOC facilities, 8 remote offices, 1000 D and E cinema sites cinema sites with over 16,0000 screens
Launched "Ticket Talk" mobile iOS ticketing and gaming platform for cinema movie consumers.
Developed a live event, streaming digital video CDN cloud service for eCinema and dCinema distribution to theater sites in the US which lowered distribution costs by 40%.
Reduced costs for DSL, Internet access, network and voice by 45% or $1.8M over three years through vendor consolidation of 37 vendors to 3, across entire U.S. cinema footprint - over 1000 theater sites.
Launched Screenvision consumer and business web site.
Managed the data migration and implementation of   SANS in NYC and Rochester NOC's for data and content storage.
Redesigned disaster recovery with de-duplication, increased security, and with facility to facility backup and replication
Reduced the cost of theater site implementation by 50% by developing new server that consolidated all services (advertising, gaming, alternative movie content, 3D, Dolby AC3) 
Technical Chairman of Cinema Advertising Council Digital Standards Subcommittee and the US technical representative to the rest of the world - SAWA Advertising Council.

Deloitte Consulting LLP. - New York, New York                                Jan. 2005 - Oct. 2007
Responsible for building its East Coast IT Media and Entertainment practice in the areas of emerging media technology, strategic business and technology program management across all company divisions, specializing in Advanced Interactive Advertising, Digital Asset Management, Cross Platform Distribution, IT vendor consolidation, BI, and operations performance improvement, for Web, Mobile, Broadcast, Telecom and Cable TV platforms. 
Sprint 4G- Provided technical business visioning and product guidance in 4G mobile cloud advertising platform software and systems integration. The new platform combined web, SEO, social, geo-location and inference engine for advertising retargeting.
AOL - Provided, stakeholder alignment, and build or buy software open source platform components, and code reviews This was a.NET platform migration of an advanced ad-serving platform.  
Univision - Managed integration of advertising traffic systems into Oracle AR/AP across Radio, TV, Satellite and Web.
Univision - Managed the vendor consolidation across Satellite, Broadcast TV, Radio, IT and On-line. Negotiated new contracts with prime IT, satellite and broadcast vendors - reduced overall spend by 25%.
AT&amp;T Uverse - managed the analysis of the end to end IPTV platform for capacity, scalability, data integrity and launch readiness 
Singapore Media Development Authority - Provided technical, operations and process expertise in creating the framework for a global SAAS digital content and trade exchange eco-system in Asia. This platform provided, content and financial trade for vendors, content producers/buyers, legal transaction monitoring and financial institutions.
AT&amp;T - Provided architectural guidance in systems, business processes and solutions for new services and service migration in VOIP, EVDO and Ethernet network business. 
.
Rant Technology Inc. N.Y., N.Y.				                Jan.1, 1997 to Nov. 2005
As President and founder of Rant Technology, Inc., Rant provided strategic technology consulting to the Media industry - IT management, design, systems integration, and application development for Broadcast, Broadband, Web, eCommerce and Mobile - digital content management, production, governance, distribution, and security. 
Important engagements included the following customers: 
Concurrent Computer - Provided professional services to Concurrent for digital content management distributed application software to InDemand, Intertainer, AT&amp;T and Disney TeleVentures.
E-Vue - Led the strategic software development, technical requirements and service offerings for the development of 31 Sarnoff Internet patents for MPEG4 adaptive encoding, decoding software and digital video management software.
Loral Space &amp; Communications - Cyberstar (for Cyberstar, L.P) - Cyberstar is a distributed hybrid Internet/Satellite broadcast Content Delivery Network utilizing MPEG2 IP-DVB 
Provided program management, strategic technology guidance, for the end to end development of operations and technology - content strategy, satellite provisioning and training for Cyberstar - a $300M service, launched as a B2B and B2C in North America, and as a B2B in Kuwait. 
Developed a 100,000 sq. foot NOC for national operations and back up facility
Architected and developed end to end system consisting of digital asset management distributed application software, Conditional Access security, and Subscriber Management Systems and business processes for the cross platform global delivery of content to retail markets.
Managed cross-functional technical teams (50 professionals) -system and software development.
Represented Loral in China, Western Europe, and Middle East for CDN distribution technology.
EABC - Architected the digital video NOC, content transcoding, global satellite and IPTV distribution.
Solid Streaming - Managed the development of web content management software, and distribution requirements of streaming video to cell phones, Palm, Blackberry and Apple. Projects included T-Mobil, Globe Telecom, and Telephonica in Brazil
Liberate Technology - Managed development teams for requirements, code reviews, software integration and implementation for JSP and J2EE of Web TV middleware for cable modems utilizing DOCSIS 1.0, for Ono (for Cable Europa - Spain) PCCW (China), Belgacom (Belgium), US West, HNS/AOL and Cable and Wireless (UK).  
Lockheed Martin, Astrolink - Developed Early Market Entry Strategy's and business cases for Astrolink's worldwide CDN.
Rant Product Development - managed the development of a distributed web application software suite of products for Digital Asset Management  "DAMS" - implemented in JAVA - ingest, production, and delivery management - Web based Workflow, video search, metadata tagging and packaging - Cable Labs 1.2 specification support with open XML for movies, advertising and web content.

Time Inc. New Media - New York, New York			                    April 1990 to Jan.1997
Vice President of Operations and Engineering
Responsible for all integrated media technology, planning, operations, IT infrastructure, application development, budget, and system implementation of the company's Online, Television, electronic publishing, and content distribution operation. 
Responsible for all media technology, strategic planning, operations, IT infrastructure, application development, budget, MPEG 1&amp;2 streaming technology, and system implementation of the company's digital online, television, electronic publishing, and digital video content distribution operation. Important projects included "The News Exchange" a VOD News Operation and ITV application, for the Time Warner Full Service Network, "Pathfinder" web portal,  "Roadrunner" high speed Internet service, and the hosting and media distribution system for all digital content, for Time Inc. magazines, Time Warner Television services and third party content contributors for cable, broadband, Internet sites and VOD operations (AOL, US West, @Home, Direct TV, Direct PC)

Time Warner Cable New York Group	New York, New York	
Vice President of Broadcast Operations and Engineering
Responsible for the operations, engineering and production groups of the TW NYC cable system. 
Key projects include the technical development of New York 1 News - Headed up all digital technology implementations, studio, content production and operations, Quantum, the world's first 70 channels of Near Video on Demand, Time Warner Cable New York system  - Managed the design and planning of a 100,000-sq. ft. Cable facility and - Broadcast Operations, multichannel advertising operation, earth station/cable head ends, IT, Customer Service, subscriber management architecture, billing and payments center,  back office and production facilities, and TV studios in NYC, developed Time Warner Home Theater- a three channel standalone PPV service, launched Crosswalks broadcast channels for the City Of New York.

Enterprise Software Development Architecture, System Architecture and Business Processes
CDN (Telecom and Satellite operations), SOA, SAAS, Advanced Multimedia Advertising platforms and business process, distributed server clusters and databases, eCommerce, Digital VOD architecture, Digital head end, IPTV Streaming video - RTP and RTSP, Ticketing Platforms for web and mobile. Event Prediction systems, TV and web production systems, disaster recovery, security system design, high reliability and high availability systems, ETL, Data conformance, MPAA secure content processes and facility requirements, video transcoding and QC.
Enterprise Software - MS Exchange, MS workflow, SharePoint, Windows Server 2008, MS Dynamics, MS Forecast, Postini, VMware, Alteris, Solar Winds, Citrix, NetApps, Aspera, Rhozet, Harmonic Inc. Tandberg, Artesia, Oracle DAM - UCM, AVID, Pilat Media IBMS suite, vFinity, Dealmaker, VCI, OSI, Marketron, Doubleclick, Operative, Avid, Flame, Inferno, Final Cut Pro, Cerify, Evertz, Chyron, Digital Rapids, MatrixStream, Cisco(SA) CDN, Newsroom Automation, Expert Systems - semantic search, Amazon and Google Cloud.
Software Development Management - MPEG2, MPEG4, H.264, .Net, XML, AJAX, PHP, JSP, J2EE, Struts 1 and 2, JBoss, C# WSRP, C++,`PERL, Flash, Ruby on Rails, iOS, Drupal, MYSQL, SQL, Oracle, HADOOP, Unix, Linux, MS OS, MOS broadcast middleware and well versed in Agile/Scrum development methodologies.

EDUCATION 
BSEE studies at the City College of New York. 
Additional courses in Communications and Computer Science, at New York University.

AWARDS, HONORS, BUSINESS AFFILIATIONS and TRAINING
Time Warner team member that was awarded a Technical Emmy by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in 1996 for AML fiber optics.
Honored by the City of New York for the development and launch of Crosswalks.
Memberships: NY State Business Council, SMPTE, NAB, CAC, SAWA, Masters of Digital Asset Management.
Training: Customer Care -Time Warner Cable, CSG/First Data; PMP through Time Warner Program at American Management Association; CISCO CCNA, Harmonic Inc. NDS, Irdeto Access, Nagra, Virage, Autonomy - media monitoring and analysis, , Business Process Management, Oracle AR, BI, Hughes Microwave Certified
Patents: Low Power Digital Searching Receiver, Low Power Radio Receiver Audio Compander.



  
    .NET
    .Net
  
  
    3D
  
  
    ad
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    Advertising and Sales
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    AOL
  
  
    AP
  
  
    API
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    application development
  
  
    AR
  
  
    AI
  
  
    Asset Management
    asset management
  
  
    Automation
  
  
    AVID
    Avid
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    backup
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Broadband
    broadband
  
  
    Broadcast
    broadcast
  
  
    budget
  
  
    BI
  
  
    Business Processes
    business process
    business processes
  
  
    C++
  
  
    cable modems
  
  
    Cable
    cable
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    content
    content management
    Content
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Council
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    encryption
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    databases
  
  
    Delivery
    delivery
  
  
    Product Development
  
  
    digital video
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    eCommerce
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    Expert Systems
  
  
    Final Cut Pro
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Flash
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    HTML5
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    Internet access
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    IP
  
  
    IT management
  
  
    JAVA
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JBoss
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Lockheed Martin
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Market
  
  
    Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Exchange
    exchange
    MS Exchange
  
  
    office
  
  
    MOS
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    middleware
  
  
    migration
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    Multimedia
  
  
    MYSQL
    MySql
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network
    network
    networks
  
  
    OS
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    order management
  
  
    OSI
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    PERL
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    POS
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    prime
  
  
    processes
  
  
    program management
  
  
    project management
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Radio
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Software Development
    software development
  
  
    specification
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    Strategy
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    streaming video
    Streaming video
  
  
    Struts 1
  
  
    system design
    System Architecture
  
  
    systems integration
  
  
    Telecom
  
  
    phones
  
  
    TV
    Television
    television
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Video
    video
  
  
    vision
  
  
    VOIP
  
  
    Web Portal
    web portal
  
  
    web site
    website
    web content
    web production
  
  
    Workflow
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  


