
Kimberly D. Slawson
USAG Humphreys Box 54
APO AP 96271
Phone: 010-7177-2818 (mobile)
Email: kimberly.slawson@korea.army.mi / slawsonk@gmail.com


Work Experience
August 2009 - May 2011, 40 Hours per Week, Family Readiness Support Assistant (FRSA), GS-05, $14.02, Osan/Suwon Air Base, Republic of Korea, 6-52 AMD
Serves as the Commander's advisor on the unit's Family Readiness Group Program (FRG). Performs variety of clerical and administrative duties in support of the Commander and volunteer FRG leaders. Maintains coordination of FRG activities within the unit and updates the Commander on the program status, controversial issues and services available to Soldiers and their Family members. Work closely with the Army Community Service staff and other installation, state or regional resources to remain aware of latest changes in FRG programs across all components. Acts as intermediary between Army families and Army facilities to assess needs and disseminate information. Maintain updates on all referral information concerning Army Family policy and community resources. Prepares correspondence, newsletters, flyers, rosters, reports and requests for signature and mailing distribution. Assure proper safekeeping, storage and destruction of office and FRG records, Army regulations and policies, and computer output. Monitors suspense's and processes correspondence through appropriate channels. Assists with the establishment and maintenance of the unit's Virtual FRG (vFRG) web site. Establishes and updates telephone trees and e-mail distribution lists. Coordinate and attend monthly steering committee meetings. Maintains Family member Volunteer records (VMIS) through www.myarmyonesource.com.  Ensures timely and accurate information is relayed to Soldiers and their family members appropriate to their needs during training or deployment periods. Maintains effective communication with family readiness volunteers ensuring volunteer forms are properly signed and maintained and volunteer hours are submitted/logged monthly. Publicizes changes and updates relating to well-being programs to include health benefits, Family benefits and education, community activities and other information promoting unit esprit de corps and wellness.



October 2007 - August 2009, 40 Hours per Week, Administrative Assistant, NAF-II, $8.71 ph, USAG Humphreys, Republic of Korea, CYS/DFMWR
Greets parents and children on a daily basis, make sure children are accounted for and in Child and Youth Management System (CYMS) swipe system. Expound on the CYMS that monitored CDC household data. Take payments, input payment into CYMS as required. Provides administrative support including typing/word processing, mail preparation, copying, distribution, and telephone calls for CYS personnel. Using office automation equipment and word processing software, prepares a variety of correspondence, memorandums and Daily Activity and other reports required for day-to-day operation. Answers telephones, ascertains nature of call and directs caller to appropriate staff; takes a message or personally provides desired information. Maintained and submit monthly reports, correspondences and files. Assisted the CDC Director with monthly space report, annual CYS fee reports, updated CDC enrollment roster. Make sure distribution runs are completed on a daily basis to include drop off and pick up of mail and correspondences and memos. Logged in hourly ratio status, made sure staff was always within child-staff ratio per age group. Developed and maintained facilities Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). Conducted Parent Orientation to new parents on CYS rules, regulations and programs; ascertains any special needs of child, directed needs (if any) to Community Public Health Nurse. Maintain children's and family history files electronically and physical files. Make sure shots, information, yearly health assessments are all kept up to date.

May 2004-Sep 2005, 40 Hours per Week, Office Automation Assistant, NAF-III, $10.31 ph, Osan Air Base, Republic of Korea, 51st Services Squadron, Turumi Lodge
Administratively supported General Manager and 15-member management staff. Developed management/administrative procedures, training plans, and recognition programs. Authored innumerable amounts of Information Technology products using desktop publishing, word processing, calendar and other software packages (brochures, calendars, marketing flyers, databases, graphs, presentations). Produce letters and memos, arrange tabulated data, performs editing functions to incorporate substantive changes by originators, store and retrieve electronic documents or files. Produce and publish monthly newsletter. Perform a variety of general office duties such as receiving telephone calls and visitors, routing and filing correspondence, and maintaining files. Maintained and submitted monthly quality assurance/customer service and spending reports to Management. Manufactured and maintained suspense for Military Enlisted Performance Reports (EPR) using Microsoft Access / Maintained a myriad of suspenses for Lodging. Maintain General Managers daily calendar; schedule meetings. Make official travel arrangements for General Manager (TDY). Maintain and take reservations for Turumi Lodge's Conference and Training rooms. Utilized exceptional customer service skills to successfully serve 150,000 visitors and dignitaries annually.


June 2003-May 2004, 40 Hours per Week, Lodging Clerk, NAF-I, $8.31 per hour, Osan Air Base, Republic of Korea, 51st Services Squadron, Turumi Lodge
Receive and confirm room reservations by letter, telephone, or personal contact. Register and assign rooms to guests and issue room keys. Ensure that only authorized patrons use government-sponsored quarters. Calculate and post charges to patrons accounts and balance totals with control records. Accept payments, make change, and present departing guests checkout statements. Prepare and safeguard cash receipts, prepare daily cashiers report, daily activity report, and prepare consolidated daily activity report. Maintain daily quarter's occupancy and current checkout list. Maintain and sell convenience items to patrons

Mar 2003-June 2003, 32 Hours per Week, Cashier / Checker, NAF-I, $5.45 per hour, Osan Air Base, Republic of Korea, 51st Services Squadron, Mustang Club 
Sell a variety of merchandise items such as prepackaged snacks, tobacco products, and candy.  
Operate cash register, ring up sales, receive money and make change, process credit card sale, or charge to member's account. At the end of each tour of duty clear cash register, and turn over cash and supporting documents as instructed. Conduct daily inventories.  


Jan 2003-Mar 2003, 38 Hours per Week, Program Assistant, CC-I, Osan Air Base, Republic of Korea, 51st Services Squadron, Child Development Center
Help arrange room and play materials to accommodate the daily schedule. Help create adult-made games and play materials, and assist with developing a list of needed supplies and equipment for submission to the supervisor. Receive children from parents.  Note all special instructions that parents may provide. Maintain an accurate count of children in my charge.  
Conduct the appropriate play and learning activities to foster individual and group activity development. Lead children in songs, games, finger plays, and other activities.  Interact with children during programmed activities. Attend to the physical needs of the children. Rock and hold babies, and assist children during family-style meals. Help children collect their belongings when they depart. Ensure that each child leaves with his/her parent or someone authorized to take the child.




Education
Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice Administration, University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ, July 2007; 120 semester hours completed,  dates attended December 2003 - July 2007.
Graduated from Junction City High School, 900 Eisenhower Dr. Junction City, KS, 66441 June 1997.


Additional Information 
(Training, licenses, certifications, performance appraisals/ratings, awards, etc.)
Infant / Child CPR &amp; First Aid, June 2008
Workplace Ethics, March 2008
Child Abuse / Neglect Review, December 2007
Communicable Disease, Administering Medication, Epi-Pen June 2008
Bloodborne Pathogens, June 2008
EEO/POSH, May 2008
Antiterrorism, September 2008, August 2010
Computer Users Security, July 2008
Health, Sanitation &amp; Nutrition / Food Handlers, July 2008, July 2010
Safety and Emergency Procedures / Fire Prevention, December 2007
Customer Service, January 2008
CYMS (Child, Youth Management System) Workshop, June 2008
Information Assurance Awareness, March 2008
Character Counts, July 2008
Records Custodian Training, May 2004, 6 hours
Customer Service Training, May 2003, 2 hours
Customer Service Training, November 2004, 2 hours
Customer Service Training, February 2008, 2 hours
Volunteered at the Army Community Services (ACS), Dec 97 - Mar 98, Camp Humphrey
Received Appreciation of volunteer certificate, Feb 98.



  
    administrative
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    Army
  
  
    balance
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    cash register
    Cashier
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    com
  
  
    copying
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    credit
  
  
    Customer service
    customer service
  
  
    customer service skills
  
  
    databases
  
  
    desktop publishing
  
  
    editing
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    filing
  
  
    First Aid
  
  
    forms
  
  
    General Manager
  
  
    general office duties
  
  
    government
  
  
    graphs
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Director
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    mail
  
  
    money
  
  
    office
  
  
    Monitors
  
  
    newsletters
    newsletter
  
  
    Office Automation
    office automation
  
  
    Pen
  
  
    performance appraisals
  
  
    Personnel
    personnel
  
  
    pick
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    routing
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    telephone
    telephones
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    typing
  
  
    web site
  
  
    word processing
  


