
Kathy J. Murrell		
424 St. John Drive ? Durham, NC 27703 - kjmurrell@hotmail.com ? (336)681-1089

Objective:	
To obtain a career opportunity that will enable me to fully utilize my previous work experiences, educational background, interpersonal skills and computer knowledge; whereby both to the organization and I are able to grow and develop together.

Synopsis:	
More than nine years of professional information technology and systems experience. This includes computer hardware and software support that ranges from various technological arenas. These arenas include network and stand-alone personal computers with peripherals along with mainframe, midrange support, and software testing. Experienced ability relating with individuals at all levels of an organization. This includes collaboration on problem solving and effective use of resources to manage project completion within determined timelines.

Education:	
North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University - Greensboro, NC
- Management Information Systems (M.S.)        May 2003
- Business Management (B.S.)                   May 1999

Experiences: 
Product Support Specialist II  -  Sungard Public Sector - High Point, NC   			 March 2005 ? April 2011                                 
- Provided software support for public safety software.
- Assisted clients with the testing of functionality issues.
- Delivered software updates to clients using remote system access; VPN, Webex, and Securelink.
- Performed data searches and queries using Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager and Microsoft Visual FoxPro
- Preformed workflow management using Firstwave. 
- Utilized SQL Server to execute commands and queries to assist clients in executing reports and resolving issues.

Website Manager - Firstpoint Management Resources  - Raleigh, NC     			August 2004 - March 2005
- Managed association web presence in conjunction with the executive director.
- Liaison with the Web editorial to maintain and produce publications and newsletters.
- Managed web content, users, and design sites for associations.

AS/400 Computer Operator; Firstpoint Collection Resources -  Greensboro, NC         
May 2003 - August 2004
- Coordinated, executed, and verified production processes that occurred on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. 
- Assisted the Accounting Department during closing and posting periods for the Collection Division by verifying the accounts balanced and checks were processed for distribution.
- Maintained and updated operations logs in order to produce monthly reports.
- Executed queries and commands to produce payment reports, account linking reports and loaded new business files.
- Distributed internal and external reports and files.
- Keyed and balanced accounts receivables to assure that records were balanced daily.
                                  
Collector - Firstpoint Collection Resources  -  Greensboro, NC                              February 2001-May 2003
- Utilized telecommunications technology to communicate with customers in regards to past due accounts.
- Conducted outbound calls to customers and negotiate payments.
- Provided resolution to settle the update on customer accounts/ information.

Computer Skills:
JavaScript, PhStat, Crystal Ball, Wireless Application Protocol, Wireless Markup Language, Microsoft Suite, 
Internet Applications, HTML, XML, SQL, Windows Operating Systems, Tidal, AS/400 Robot, TWS(Tivoli).

Activities:	
Washington-Plymouth Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., 
Society for the Advancement of Management, and OFC Venture Challenge Business Plan Competition.

References:	
Available Upon Request  



  
    Accounting
  
  
    accounts receivables
  
  
    Application Development
  
  
    AS/400
  
  
    closing
  
  
    Crystal
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    editorial
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Internet Applications
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    director
  
  
    access
  
  
    Microsoft Suite
  
  
    Windows Operating Systems
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    processes
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    software support
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    Tivoli
  
  
    Microsoft Visual FoxPro
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    Wireless Application Protocol
  
  
    web content
  
  
    Wireless Markup Language
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  


