
          Melissa M. Velazquez
5526-A Rockview Curve
Richmond, VA 23228
804-397-5801
       Velazquez.m@comcast.net

Summary of Qualifications
Six years of customer service experience, with a deep desire to create value for both internal and external customers. 
Six years experience within the health insurance and private payer medical billing industry.
Experience working in a fast paced call center environment. 
Direct experience working with ICD9 &amp; CPT Codes and Claims
Knowledgeable of HIPPA privacy guidelines

Work Experience

06/2006 - 6/2011	HCA Patient Account Services
Patient Registrar

Provide world class customer service to patients by guiding the patient through registration, insurance verification, and billing process. 
Maintain, verify, and update patient's personal information for entry into patient information database.
Enter appropriate ICD9 &amp; CPT Codes, charges/departure information into patient billing system.  
Work closely with the patient and the insurance company to resolve billing issues. 
Operate insurance verification software, determined and collect payment due.
Ensure adherence to HIPPA privacy guidelines. 

01/2004 - 07/2006	 Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office
			 Deputy Sheriff

Responsible for ensuring the safety and maintaining the order of inmates confined within the Chesterfield County Jail. 
Assisted visitors to the jail by ensuring jail security and anti-contraband guidelines were followed. 
Prepared reports and was responsible for the accuracy of inmate records.
Worked with the public to provide information on the status of inmates. 

05/2001 - 09/2003    NYPD Division of School Safety
		          School Safety Agent   	
        
Enforced Department of Education rules, regulations, and laws as a certified Peace Officer with powers of arrest.
Monitored and ensured safety of students and staff.
Worked with school administration to report rule violations. 
Maintained positive rapport with students and faculty. 


03/1996 - 05/2001    New York City Department of Education
                          Educational Assistant

Assisted teachers in the development, preparation and implementation of instructional lessons in all   			subject areas
Prepared students for City Wide Reading and Math Exams
Supervised role-playing and other academic activities for both mainstream and special needs students on the elementary and middle school level
Provided tutorial service for children and supervision of field trips, assisted in annual commencement exercises
Education

Candidate for Bachelors of psychology for Human Services, 2011 - Walden University, Online

Certificate in Substance Abuse Counseling 2010 - J. Sergeant Reynolds Community College, Richmond, Virginia

Internships 

01/2010 - 05/2010      Rubicon, Inc. 
			       Intern
Manage client case files. 
Developed Bio-psychosocial treatment and review plans and progress notes. 
Assess client need for services or referrals. 
Conduct individual and group counseling sessions. 

Additional Skills and Qualifications

Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint 2007 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to empathetically defuse and assist difficult or frustrated customers. 
Excellent attendance record
Eager to take on new assignments and face new challenges. 
Thrives in the team environment.





       











  
    academic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    billing
  
  
    billing system
  
  
    Call Center
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Counseling
    counseling
  
  
    CPT
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    database
  
  
    image
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    notes
  
  
    Math
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    progress
  
  
    rapport
  
  
    Reading
  
  
    safety
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    written
    written communication skills
  


