
Digvijay Appaya	R&#233;sum&#233; Page 2

Digvijay Appaya	10647 Riverside Drive | Powell, Ohio 43065
Home: 614-792-9204 | Cellular: 614-352-8800 | dappaya@columbus.rr.com	

Sales &amp; Account Management Professional
Computing | Networking | Communications | Software	

Success Exceeding Sales Goals In Competitive Venues | Driving Revenues Via Consultative, Relationship-based Sales &amp; Support	

Areas of Strength | Core Competencies	

	

Professional Experience	

Software Account Executive
Orchestrate all facets of business development functions focused on health care and life sciences market throughout 5-state territory; scope of responsibilities comprise sales lifecycle management, market development, sales presentations, contract negotiations, and overall issue resolution; software promoted from publishers includes (but not limited to)  Microsoft, Symantec, Adobe, VMware.
Performance last year yielded $18M in sales versus a quota of $14M for a 126% attainment. In 2009 achieved success meeting $13 million quota; finished 2008 quota at plan ($6 million); increased business activity and sales despite an extremely challenging economic landscape.
Role includes relationship development, presentation and negotiation with C-level and director-level decision-makers.
Facilitate additional business productivity relationships built and solidified with publisher account representative; i.e. currently working on multi million $ opportunities with Microsoft and other software representatives to place software in healthcare organizations.

BizCarta (ww.bizcarta.com) .  Columbus, Ohio	2006 to 2008
Information technology consulting organization and Platinum Partner for Altiris &amp;LanDesk software.
Senior Account Executive (2005 - 2008)
Responsible for hunting for new accounts while maintaining relationships with existing accounts; territory included Ohio and Kentucky; focused on selling Altiris software solutions as well as selling Business Process, ITSM, Strategic Planning and Systems Integration professional services.
Successfully closed deals with 3 Fortune 500 accounts resulting in over $500,000 of software revenue and additional $30,000 of services.
Actively work with sales and technical team from Altiris to identify and close incremental business; included joint seminars targeting prospects on specific industry solutions.
Liaison to installed base with responsibility for generating incremental business while prospecting for new opportunities within account.

IBM Corporation (www.ibm.com) .  Columbus, Ohio	2000 to 2003
Major computer company with annual revenues approaching $88 billion; best in class provider of computers, software, printers, and services.
Senior xSeries Sales Specialist
Hired to penetrate competitive Intel-based server accounts in Columbus; focused on team selling to capitalize on relationships of IBM client teams while bringing value proposition of servers to forefront; identified key decision-makers and developed strong, loyal, and enduring account relationships.
Won back large server customer by aggressively focusing on IBM strengths to help drive customer up time; annual run rate for customer exceeded $1 million.
Maintained and grew existing xSeries accounts via consultative selling and superior follow through; drove upwards of $5 million in new revenue by targeting and closing retail opportunities.
Boosted sales and increased customer satisfaction by assigning inside sales team to marketing.
Selected to "Race for Success" club, exclusive award recognized worldwide for top producers.
Hewlett-Packard Co. (www.hp.com) .  Columbus, Ohio	1992 to 2000
World's #3 computer company; top provider of computers, imaging/printing, peripherals, software, and computer-related services; generates sales exceeding $80 billion annually.
Business Computer Specialist (1992 - 2000)
Promoted and accepted challenge to plan/implement targeted sales activities maintaining strong market position and achieving solid sales/territory growth in $25 million market; trained, motivated, and directed inside team to communicate effective sales strategies.
Developed $15+ million/year revenues through astute needs assessment and aggressive management of 20+ critical end-user accounts; generated $10+ million revenues annually via consultative selling and meticulous follow-through to 5 key channel partners.
Boosted sales and increased customer satisfaction by assigning inside sales team to marketing.
Increased server, networking, and storage sales by launching/facilitating technical training onsite at key channel partners.
Drove impressive revenue gains at targeted accounts through multi-division selling.
Dramatically reduced lead-time to establish PC, server, and, laptop standards.

Sales Account Executive (1994 -1998)
Coordinated, directed, and oversaw marketing of all computer/printing products to $30 million Columbus territory; established prospecting targets and implemented effective sales strategies to attain and expand new and existing business; supervised, trained, and mentored 2 sales representatives.
Increased desktop and printer sales 10% and solidified channel partner loyalty through implementation of regular product training sessions; honored with "MVP" award in recognition of sales and leadership abilities; named to "Achievers Club" for consistently achieving over quota.
Improved communications and information flow between HP and channel partners and rectified sales inhibitors through offsite loyalty-building meetings.
Landed 2 accounts worth $8 million/annually; sold Honda of America Manufacturing  and Cardinal Health through delivery of effective presentations.
Designated "Vendor of Choice' by key channel partner, Corporate Sales Micro Center.

Corporate Account Representative (1992 -1994)
Marketed HP computer/printer products to central Ohio accounts through outcome-based strategies identifying customer solutions; tasked to establish positive rapport with clients and grow territory in total sales, number of accounts, and sales per account.
Penetrated target accounts through technical presentations, ROI analysis, and product demonstrations; secured HP as vendor of choice.
Won large printer contract at Columbia Gas and Huntington National Bank.
Spearheaded/facilitated new product introductions at customer sites, saving time and money, resulting in overall increased loyalty.
Home: 614-792-9204 | Cellular: 614-352-8800 |dappaya@columbus.rr.com	











Needs Analysis | Account Management | Technical Presentations | Customer Relations | Marketing Strategies
Team Building/Supervision | Networking | Prospecting | Training &amp; Development






  
    Adobe
  
  
    business development
  
  
    Business Process
  
  
    C
  
  
    closing
  
  
    com
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    contract negotiations
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    HP
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    Information technology
  
  
    inside sales
  
  
    Intel
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    director
  
  
    market development
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    money
  
  
    publisher
  
  
    needs assessment
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    networking
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    Platinum
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    rapport
  
  
    retail
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Strategic Planning
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    Systems Integration
  
  
    technical training
  


