
David M. Nelson
12 Buxton Drive
East Windsor, NJ 08520
(609) 448-1538
noslenevad@yahoo.com


Summary

Telecommunication Analyst/Technician with extensive experience with telephone moves adds and changes and voice mail administration. Knowledge of Avaya Communication Manager, Avaya Modular Messaging,  Avaya G3 PBX, Avaya IP phones, Intuity voice mail, call accounting systems, Blackberry provisioning and Polycom video conferencing. 



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

HarperCollins Publishers, New York, NY                                                        2002 - 2010

 Telecom  Analyst

Managed day to day operation of the Avaya and Siemens phone and voicemail systems at two New York locations
Performed all telephone set relocations, voicemail configurations and system moves, adds
        and changes
Managed call accounting system
Organized phone closets and kept wiring databases up to date
Maintained and managed the Magic ticketing system for the NY telecom department
Set up IP videoconferences from three videoconference rooms and one portable unit. 
Kept Polycom videoconference software up to date
Activated AT&amp;Tcellular services


K&amp;J Info Inc., Voorhees NJ                                                                               2000 - 2002

Telecom Analyst/Consultant for Ortho Clinical Diagnostics     

Responsible for moves adds and changes to the Siemens 9751 PBX and Octel voice mail system
Supervised cabling vendors. 
Administered videoconference facilities 
Updated call detail records and corporate phone directory. Update cable records


Headway Corporate Staffing, Woodbridge, NJ                                               2000 - 2000

Telecom Analyst/Consultant for the Federal Reserve Bank of NY 

Trained new users on Octel voice mail. Administered videoconference facilities. 
Maintained Centrex line inventories and relocated lines as needed using punch down tool. 
Updated spreadsheet databases including call detail report records and telephone database records.
 






EDUCATION

BA, Psychology, Fordham University
Summa Cum Laude


PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT 

Avaya Multivantage Administrator Training



  
    accounting
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    cable
    cabling
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Magic
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Siemens
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    telephone
    phone
  
  
    voice mail
  
  
    wiring
  


