
NIDHI NAHAR
* 4105 Pine Heights Drive NE Atlanta GA 30324*  404-433-7740* E-mail: nidhi.nahar@gmail.com
* Employment Authorization: Authorized to work for any employer (Permanent Resident)

1


EDUCATION
Master of Science in Electrical Engineering, Old Dominion University, Norfolk, VA             (08/05- 05/07)  
Relevant Coursework: Semiconductor Process Technology, Solid State Electronics, Analog VLSI, Bio-electrics, Engineering Systems Modeling, Pulsed Power, Statistical Analysis and Simulation.
GPA: 3.72/4.0

Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics &amp; Communication, University of Rajasthan, India             (07/05)
Relevant Coursework: Digital Electronics, Applied Electronics, Digital Design, Power Electronics, Digital Signal Processing, Signals and Systems, IC Technology, Industrial Electronics, Control Systems, Theory and Application of Integrated Circuits, VLSI Design, Wireless Networks, Digital and Analog Communication, Database Management Systems, Computer System Architecture, Microprocessor Architecture, Database Algorithms.
Aggregate Percentage: 77% (Honors)

WORK EXPERIENCE    
Lakshmikumaran and Sridharan Attorneys, New Delhi, India      
Patent Analyst, Registered Patent Agent in India                                  (01/09- 08/10)
Pfizer Inc., Groton, CT       (09/07- 06/08)
System Analyst, Document Management Framework 

Performed technical tasks within a work-stream such as analysis, troubleshooting, installation and optimization to resolve the document management requirements in addition to providing observations and recommendations to enhance document management within Pfizer using EMC's Documentum and related tools( DA, DAB, Content Server, etc.).
Installation of content servers 5.3 SP3 and 5.3 SP6 in a Unix environment.  
Worked on the rendering aspects of the project and configured third party software Adlib on various systems to meet Pfizer's requirements. This involved creation of rendering design documents for a high availability and failover document management framework and setting up the infrastructure as per the architecture documents in US and Europe in development, test, training and production environments. 
Created on-boarding plans and identified processes to host new and existing validated and non-validated Pfizer applications into the document management framework.
Provided support for troubleshooting rendering related issues and created a transitional support plan for the different levels of support groups. 
Drafted installation qualification scripts for docbase creation, content server installation, and rendering in a qualified and validated environment.

Old Dominion University, Norfolk, VA         (01/06- 12/06)
Graduate Teaching Assistant (Department of Electrical Engineering) 

Conducted the Fundamental Circuits Laboratory that required the knowledge and strong understanding of electrical circuits, microprocessors, and computer programming.  
Structured experiments on basic circuit theories and prepared comprehensive web manuals using MikTeX.
Conducted interactive recitations with detailed power point presentations to give an insight into the experiments.
Conducted laboratory sessions for students and helped them build effective circuits by interfacing the circuits with the microprocessors using C language.
Evaluated students' performance on a weekly basis by conducting quizzes and tests.

Old Dominion University, Norfolk, VA         (08/05- 05/07)
Graduate Research Assistant (Department of Electrical Engineering) 

Thesis Title: Simulation and modeling of propagation of nerve impulse and its blockage by external electrical stimulation. 
Objective: To analyze ways to block nerve impulse propagation, which could aid in incapacitation, or stimulate functional neuromuscular activity for muscular therapy, or possibly act as a localized, electrical pain reliever.

Performed model representation and numerical simulation of an axon with multiple segments to explain many important features of propagation of nerve impulse, such as voltage gating of ion channels and the generation of action potentials.
Extracted useful parameters such as the action potential velocity as a function of diameter, and made suitable comparisons with reports in the literature for model validation.
Analyzed and successfully demonstrated the possibilities for blocking action potential propagation through external electrical means such as DC and AC excitation.
Obtained current and frequency thresholds for the blocking stimulation on an unmyelinated nerve fiber.
All of the research work was performed using Matlab 7.1, Cadence, and Orcad.
Suggested potential studies and modeling efforts relevant to the nerve impulse conduction and its blockage like triggering of electroporation under high field conditions. 
                                                        
COMPUTER SKILLS
Design Tools: OrCAD, MiKTeX, P-Spice, PROTEL, CADENCE, AUTO CAD, Protel, MS Visio
Programming and Modeling Tools:  C, C++, MATLAB 7.1, Java,  Active HDL 5.1, UML 2.0, Visual Paradigm, EMC Documentum, Oracle 10g, Adlib Version 2.0, 20-Sim, MS Front Page
Others: MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point), Inprotech IP Management Software,   Delphion, Micropat

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

Assisted Mano Vikas Mandir, Ajmer with activities like teaching the disabled children and promoting inclusive education - (Aug 2009 - Nov 2009)
Individually researched on the following topics as part of the masters' curriculum - 
Relationship between membrane excitability and single ion channel open-close kinetics - The objective was to understand the stochastic behavior of channels and then incorporate this aspect for external voltage pulses of various shapes and for "N" number of nodes. To simulate the kinetics of open-close process, a random number generator and the probability distribution functions of open- and closed- channel lifetimes was used. Initial conditions of each particle are obtained from the model. A series of iterations was performed wherein each particle state is examined. MATLAB was used to perform these experiments.
Electrotherapy for wound healing - The objective was to discuss various modalities of electrotherapy, which are currently being used and determine how each of them works towards wound healing.
Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems -- The objective was to understand MEMS fabrication processes and two traditional methods for forming MEMS devices, bulk and surface micromachining. 
Moore's law: The origin and economic implications - The objective was to describe the origin, nature, and implications of "Moore's Law". It begins with a historical overview of the major developments in semiconductor industry that led up to Gordon Moore's 1965 observation and then discusses about the implications and finally the future of Moore's law. 
Applications of Pulsed Power in Bioelectrics -- The objective was to discuss ways to produce nanosecond duration pulsed electric fields that will in turn; allow the examination of the effects of ultra short duration, high intensity electric fields on living cells. Pulsed power technology is also the enabling technology for Bioelectrics. 
Mechatronic Domain Modeling with Bond Graphs - Bond graph modeling technology finds application in analysis of dynamic systems in different domains. By writing the source equations and then applying the bond graph modeling rules, any kind of system can be developed using bond graphs. The final product is a comprehensive graphical representation of model whose parameters can be varied according to the system in question. By understanding the behavior of electrical and mechanical systems using tools like 20-Sim, more complex electro-mechanical systems were modeled. 
Presented a paper on "Simulation of Direct Field Oriented High Speed Induction Motor" at IT-BHU, India certified by IEE (2004) 
Presented a paper on "Seraphim motors - A renewed technology for high speed transportation" at NIT Hamirpur (HP), India  (2004)
Achieved 97% in behavioral abilities in all India IT aptitude test conducted by NIIT, India (2003)
Received the prestigious Gargi award by the state board for exemplary performance in High School (1999)
















  
    art
  
  
    AUTO CAD
  
  
    basic
  
  
    C
    C language
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CADENCE
    Cadence
  
  
    charts
  
  
    content
    Content
  
  
    Database Management
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    DC
  
  
    Digital Design
  
  
    Digital Electronics
  
  
    Digital Signal Processing
  
  
    Document Management
    document management
  
  
    Documentum
  
  
    Drafting
    drafting
  
  
    electrical engineering
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    features
  
  
    MS Front Page
  
  
    functional
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Law
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    MATLAB 7.1
    Matlab 7.1
  
  
    mechanical engineering
  
  
    microprocessors
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    MS Office
    Office
  
  
    MS Power Point
    power point
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    Modeling
    modeling
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    OrCAD
    Orcad
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    PCT
  
  
    processes
  
  
    computer programming
    Programming
  
  
    PROTEL
    Protel
  
  
    P-Spice
  
  
    rendering
  
  
    research
  
  
    servers 5.3
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Simulation
    simulation
  
  
    Statistical Analysis
  
  
    Structured
  
  
    System Architecture
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    UML 2.0
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    validation
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    VLSI
  
  
    website
  
  
    written
  


