
RESUME
AUNDRE V. CUFFY
7600 Flower Avenue
Takoma Park, Maryland 20912
Aundre.Cuffy@hotmail.com
(301) 273-8011


Objective:
As an accountant, I am seeking a position in the area of accounting to increase my knowledge in the field, and where my work ethics will add value to your organization. 

Summary of Qualification:
Working Knowledge of Accounting Software,  Datatel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Works.  

Education:		Washington Adventist University, Maryland, Takoma Park
8/2008-Present	Degree:  BA- Accounting. Expected graduation date May 2012.

GPA: Above 3.0. Member of Sigma Beta Delta Honor Society- The highest scholastic honor achieved in the Department of Business.                                                                                                            
                    

Work Experience:  
Washington Adventist University- 5/3/10-5/1/11
Takoma Park, Maryland, 20912
Position: Student Association Financial Vice President- Responsible for budgeting, and managing Student Association funds totaling $110,000.00. Encompassing the following duties: 
Bank Reconciliations.
Accounts Payable.
Budget Transfers.
And other miscellaneous task.




Taste of Takoma - 1/1/09-5/22/09 (temporary position)
Takoma Park, Maryland, 20912
Position: Financial Coordinator for Event- Responsible for the following financial duties.
Accounts Payable.
Accounts Receivable.
Budgeting of funds for event.
Preparing Receipts &amp; Invoices.

Law Offices of Rohn and Cameron-12/07-07/08
Christiansted, St.Croix U.S Virgin Islands 00820
Position: Accountants Assistant - Responsible for all filing in the accounting area, and accounting activities encompassing the following duties:
Bank Reconciling.
Filing all clients' information.
Calling different businesses for receipt of accurate or estimated bills.
Posting deposits and cashing petty cash checks to replenish office register.
Preparing Accounts Payables.
                             

Extra Curricular Activities: Member of Honor Society Sigma Beta Delta, Volunteer worker for the U.S Virgin Islands Animal Shelter, Member of Students in Free Enterprise (SIFE), Member of the Washington Adventist University Student Association.

References:				**Upon request**










1




  
    accounting
  
  
    Accounts Payables
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    Accounts Receivable
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    Bank Reconciliations
  
  
    Budgeting
    budgeting
    Budget
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Filing
    filing
  
  
    financials
  
  
    financial
  
  
    funds
  
  
    General Ledger
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    office
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    Reconciling
  
  
    Recording
  


