
Julie A. Neapolitan								1420 N. May Street
										Joliet, Illinois 60435
										815.560.7273
										Jn5283@yahoo.com
My objective is to obtain a position that will allow me to use my extensive knowledge in logistics management in order to move freight expeditiously and reduce costs.
SPX Service Solutions, Romeoville, Illinois
Traffic Planner ,  Sept 2008 - Oct 2009
Assisting customer service with inventory and/or delivery issues
Ensuring customer fill rates and correct transportation guidelines are followed to avoid compliance issues.
Research inbound and outbound shipment damages and shortages.
Review freight payments so that correct party is charged.
Coordinate outbound transportation.
Prepared orders for warehouse team, reviewed shipments, prepare bills of lading and verify trailer contents.
Maintained pick-up and delivery schedules, and managed and resolved complaints regarding shipment errors or damages.
YRC Logistics, Bolingbrook, Illinois
Operations Supervisor, Oct 2004 - Feb 2008
Responsible for inbound and outbound freight including inventory functions.
Shipping, receiving, delivery, pick-pack, distribution, customer service and physical inventory.
Transportation management related claims, compliance to claim handling procedures, and coordination of continuous improvement initiatives.
Oversaw product returns, stock rotations and inbound freight damaged or associated with returned product.
Review transportation management claims and determine appropriate resolution.
Coordinated training of claims processing and theft procedures, early detection and prevention.
Communicate claims performance metrics, carrier claim resolution.
Responsible for up to 50 employees depending on workload and season.
Returns Analyst, Nov 2003 - Oct 2004
Responsible for day to day analysis of over, short and damaged freight issues.
Resolving issues with transportation carriers ensuring freight is delivered without exceptions.
Inspect damaged freight claims and resolve inventory issues. Daily customer service issues.
Scheduled transportation for returned or claimed  product.
Various reports to ensure returns are posted to inventory correctly in SAP and WMS system.
Researched mis-shipped freight and inventory discrepancies. Maintaining claims files ensuring files are up to date.
Consolidated Freightways, Oct 1999 - Sept  2002
OSAD Clerk
Resolving daily customer service issues regarding lost or damaged freight.
Research damaged and refused freight and problem solving. 
Assist with city and line haul dispatch when needed.
Prepare driver paperwork verifying trailer contents, HAZMAT and placard verification.
Freight Billing, routing, data entry, tracking and tracing outbound and inbound freight.
Administrative Skills include -	Microsoft Office (Word , Excel, PowerPoint, Access ), SAP, WMS, AS400, Other various transportation and logistics software.



  
    Administrative Skills
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    continuous improvement
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    mis
  
  
    pick
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    Research
  
  
    routing
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Shipping
  
  
    Transportation
    transportation
  


