
George Zuyev 
9481 Terrace Place   Des Plaines, IL 60016   (847) 687-6845   zuyevg_521@hotmail.com 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Senior level information technology professional with a unique set of a wide range skills combining depth knowledge of hardware, software, operating systems, network and troubleshooting with  experience in system analysis and programming in different business and industries including manufacturing, sciences, medical, accounting and paralegal.
Quick learner with the ability to work under pressure, adapt to new environments and change, work well with all levels of management and business experts.  
Strong background in business and data analyses, systems integration, data modeling and database development skills. 
Successfully developed full life cycle of numerous Web and Client/Server projects including gathering requirements, software programming, user training and support documentation. 
Specializing in finding creative and unexpressive solutions that allow building better products with fewer resources. 
Hardware: Maintain, troubleshoot, repair, upgrade and configure varieties of brands and models of servers, desktop, and notebook computers (Dell, HP, Gateway, Compaq, etc), peripherals (modems, laser/inkjet printers, scanners, etc) and mobile devises.
Software: Extensive background in software configuration/support, data migration and troubleshooting.  Installation and deployment of PCs (Windows 7, Vista, XP, NT, 98, 95, and related applications, Red Hat Linux 8); Server configuration management, support of LAN applications and related hardware (including hubs and switches) under Windows NT/2000/2003/2008, SQL Server 2008, Exchange Server. Proficient in MS Office, SharePoint, Laserfiche, Varieties Anti-virus applications, Crystal Reports, Visual Studio, Visio, etc. 
Programming Tools:  Visual Basic 6, VB.net, Power Builder, C, C++,C#, Java, JavaScript, VBScript, HTML, DHTML, SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access, VBA, client and server-side scripts.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Consulting: Programmer / Analyst / IT Engineer							2007 - 2010
Heuer Law Offices, S.C, Milwaukee, WI
Environment: MS Windows XP/ Vista, Visual Studio.Net, Power Builder, SQL Server 2000/2005 (Data Intelligence, Reporting Services), MS Access, Visio, Crystal Reports.
Company the only IT specialist was supporting all business areas including network, help desk, programming.
IT Engineer responsibilities include:
Repair and maintenance of desktop, laptop computers, and servers. Configure computer operating systems under company requirements, variety of software installation.
Provide secure and stable network, coordinate planning and implementation of upgrades.
Administrate Windows 2000 Server and Windows 2003 Server. 
MS Exchange Server administration.
Develop new security system for company. Configuration Fire Wall Hardware.
Backups administration.
Repaired and troubleshoot Network TSP/IP configuration hardware.  

Business Programmer Analyst with the primary responsibilities in integration of multiple platforms and previously developed software systems. The key achievements are in design and implementation full lifecycle of the following projects:
Debtor Program is a proprietary reporting system supporting Financial and Accounting company needs. The reports are executed from within the PowerBuilder code that makes a "call" to the previously built Crystal Report, which then access the SQL Server database and executes the stored procedure/view.
Played a principal role in requirement gathering, analysis, database administration, design and implementation of Enterprise Data Warehouse using SQL Server. The company main documents' depository being used to produce custom legal papers sets for each client case by merging them with specific client information.
Provide end-user troubleshooting/support and software training. 

Programmer / Analyst									2000-2007
Computer Support Specialist								1993-2000
MILCUT INC., Milwaukee, WI
Environment: DOS, MS Windows, Visual Basic, SQL Server, MS Access, Excel, Crystal Reports.
Responsible for design, development, implementation, and testing of several full life cycle projects:
Raw Materials Inventory management system provides daily/by-weekly detail and summary reports for all management and executive levels.
Participated in 3rd party website implementation approving the database design. Then supporting the web site by applying changes.
Offsite backup system is tracking tapes numbers, the dates of the circulation and the data categories for easiest access. 
Conversion of company billing/scheduling system with changing user interface from Access 2.0 to Access 2002 and back-end from SQL Server 6.0 to SQL Server 2000.
Ad hoc reporting developed to fit user needs using Crystal Reports.
Repaired and maintained 50+ desktop and laptop computers.  Coordinated planning and implementation of network upgrades.  Deployed network user profiles. Scripted registry changes. Managed registry security. Used registry-based policy. Configured computer operating systems.  Installed and upgraded computer software and hardware.  Installed various applications and provided technical and customer support for end users including software issues troubleshooting.  Troubleshooting for TSP/IP configuration of network hardware.  

Consulting: Developer										2004
Freedom Inc., Milwaukee, WI
Environment: DOS, MS Windows, Visual Basic 6, SQL Server, MS Access, Front Page, ActiveX, VBScript.
Implementation of full life cycle database-driven company web site for non-profit agency providing services to elderly and disabled people serving the four county metropolitan Milwaukee area.

EDUCATION 

Polytechnic University 								St. Petersburg, Russia
M.S. in Information Technology

Milwaukee Area Technical College 							Milwaukee, WI
A.A.S. in Computer Information System 

Professional and personal references are available upon request.  



  
    VB.net
    .Net
  
  
    ActiveX
  
  
    Ad
  
  
    Anti-virus
  
  
    agency
  
  
    backup
  
  
    billing
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    client and server
  
  
    Compaq
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    Consulting
  
  
    Conversion
  
  
    Crystal Report
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    Data Warehouse
  
  
    database administration
    database
  
  
    database design
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    DOS
  
  
    Financial and Accounting
  
  
    Front Page
  
  
    full life cycle
  
  
    Gateway
  
  
    hard drive
  
  
    help desk
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    hubs
  
  
    inkjet printers
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Inventory management
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    laptop computers
    notebook computers
  
  
    laser
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Materials
  
  
    Access
    access
    MS Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Exchange Server
    MS Exchange Server
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Windows 7
    Windows
    MS Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    MS Windows XP
  
  
    modems
  
  
    Access 2.0
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network hardware
  
  
    network setup
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    PowerBuilder
    Power Builder
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    Red Hat Linux 8
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    scanners
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Server configuration
  
  
    servers
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    software installation
  
  
    software training
  
  
    SQL Server 6.0
    SQL Server
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    switches
  
  
    troubleshoot
    Troubleshooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrade
  
  
    user interface
  
  
    VBA
  
  
    VBScript
  
  
    view
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Visual Basic 6
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    web site
    website
  
  
    Windows 2000 Server
  


