
Richard Frank

(630) 210-4712 * richowenfrank@yahoo.com
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/richard-frank/5/11/745 

Insurance / Health Care Industry Director EPMO, Director PMO, Program Manager

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Experienced IT systems professional and project manager across a variety of industries and applications including health care, financial, retail, wholesale, inventory control, order fulfillment, supply chain management, custom ERP, EMR and COTS implementations.
Expert in leading multiple complex cross-functional project teams through all phases of an initiative's System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), as well as developing and maintaining outstanding professional customer relations as a proven communicator of information via formal and informal media.
Strong time management, organization and administrative skills with demonstrated ability to develop and manage cross-functional teams and ensure timely project delivery by the PMO.
ERP expert with over 15 years' experience in managing Enterprise Architecture projects including infrastructure, security, app-dev , real-time/web, financial, electronic data interchange, communications, corporate acquisitions and the associated consolidation and/or conversion of databases.
Excels at creating and maintaining organizational process assets including strict adherence to Solution Development Methodology (SDM), Communication control, Software development guidelines, Quality assurance standards, Risk Management and lessons learned documentation.
Respected manager for the project/program leadership office (PMO), C-level stakeholders and technical development teams.

CERTIFICATION

Certified Project Management Professional, Project Management Institute

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Blue Cross Blue Shield, IL, TX, OK.
Project Manager								June 2010 - March 2011
Managed multiple work groups, $16 Million budget with forecasting and labor analysis oversight.
Managed the Solutions Architecture group in the resolution of all Solution Architecture decisions (AD) inhibiting the production of the SA and Design documents necessary for hardware build-out
Managed Price, Waterhouse Coopers IA team and the associated hardware infrastructure architecture build-out subprojects for DEV, UAT and PROD environment, interfaces to the EMR databases and associated application source deployment.
Managed all testing groups including those performing SIT, UAT, L&amp;P, End-to-End and Global Cert.
Chaired and otherwise facilitated regularly scheduled design review / JAD sessions to seek out alternative solutions and best practices
Enforced the SDM approval process applicable to all project plan phases to ensure successful audits.
Published the SDM phased project plan (WBS) utilized in all PMO and Steering Committee status updates which later became the standard for all work groups in the program.
Managed issues, risks, and escalation associated with, contingency and mitigation plans.
Proactively managed the escalation and change request processes involving the change control board (CCB), PMO and Project Sponsors.
Environment: HIPAA ICD-10, ANSI 5010, EDIFECS DataPower, TPM, Websphere Message Broker (WMB), Availity, Nebo, RealMed, MS Project, MS Word, Excel Power Point, Visio, Clarity, Open Workbench, Lotus Notes, TeamRoom, Live Meeting, VPN Remote Desktop support, teleconferences.

Managed Care Systems Inc. (MCSI) - Insurance Claims Processing (5 Projects)
Senior Project Management Consultant						May 2008 - June 2010
Managed the complete SDLC conversion of EMR EDI transmission components to ANSI 5010 HIPAA compliancy.
FICO BLAZE decision engine legacy system interface including FSDLC, design, development and implementation
Complete rewrite of Insurance Claims Processing package 3GL to SQL bridge
Designed ACORD XML data import and export facility
Environment: HIPAA ICD-10, ANSI 5010, EDIFECS Linux, Windows, Java, DB/C, TCP/IP, MySQL, MS Project, Clarity, Open Workbench, Lotus Notes, VPN Remote Desktop, teleconferences

Produce Pro Inc. / Portable Software Inc.
Senior Project Manager							March 2009 - September 2009
Developed Project Charter, Scope, Project Management Plan, Work Breakdown Schedules, Roles, Assignments, Milestones associated with all phases of this project to develop a product to compete with Oracle Small Business, Net-Suite and QuickBooks
Led development of the electronic data interchange module of PTSW designed to provide translation and delivery of over 900 EDI maps/forms and deliver over 3 million transactions a month. 
Environment: Linux, Windows, Apache, MySQL, IMac, WIKI, EC2, JSON

The Woodfield Group Inc.
Project Management Consultant						November 2005 - April 2008
Managed multiple software infrastructure projects to legacy ERP system of AT&amp;T outsourced warehouse and repair facility (The Woodfield Group Inc.)

Publishers Group West, Inc. Berkeley CA
Project Management Consultant						February 2006 - July 2007
Project Manager / consultant and IS developer charged with maintaining client legacy system processes throughout the acquisition of the largest independent book sales and distribution company in the United States
Led development and implementation of client legacy system interfaces including real-time bridge logic to the client's pick ticket management (PKMS) warehouse distribution system.  
Led software and operational support  for client's nationwide remote sales ordering system
Environment: EDI, Oracle. Windows Server 2000, DB/C, Custom database bridge to PKMS


Emkay Inc
Project Director									August 2004 - October 2005
Directed IT Projects as a contributor for the fleet management system expansion that enlarged that company's revenue base by 40% to $400 million per year
Supervised all projects related to specific large scale client and customer acquisitions
Established and led the security clearance approval process for web-enabled and legacy based data architecture
Established fleet management billing support Electronic Data Interchange  (EDI) with an international retail client in a 3 week time frame
Implemented change control revisions resulting in Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliant documentation tracking and archival procedures
Eliminated paper-based project request system through the establishment of MS Share Point server initiative
Environment: EDI, Linux, Sharepoint, DB/C, XML, Web reporting

Subject, Wills and Co. Inc
Manager - Electronic Data Services Systems Development, Client Services Rep		January 2000 - August 2004
Ensured full System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) implementation and establishment of the electronic data translation and delivery service division for multiple, large scale trading partners including Wal-Mart, Food Lion Corp and Amazon.com.  
Notable accomplishment -  Identified as Preferred Solutions Provider by Amazon.com, J. C. Penney, Food Lion and Wegmans
Managed translation and delivery services division by ensuring the common vision of business stakeholders and subject matter experts, technology teams, Quality Assurance teams, and all other groups involved in the projects throughout the project life cycle 
Notable accomplishment - Ensured and led the installation of over 200 trading partners to over 60 customers in order to establish this division as a major provider of EDI solutions in the industry
Completed delivery of large, global, on-time and in-budget implementations according to predefined system development lifecycles and methodologies in all aspects of technical and project development, marketing, long term strategy, proposals, pricing, budgets, training and support for all managed services
Managed the interfacing to hardware and software systems including Linux, Microsoft, AS400 and SAP
Managed the development of the Web dashboard for drill down accountability of all electronic transactions delivered.
Led the development of filters and scripts for all legacy systems serviced by Value Added Networks (VANs) and modern trading grids supporting B2B integration capabilities related to electronic data translation and delivery services
Oversaw the involvement and management of major companies serviced by the division initiative including over fourteen highly visible international clients
Authored and published over twenty press releases, magazine articles and newsletters (see publications section below)
Notable accomplishment - The electronic data translation and delivery service division post implementation overview was selected, published and presented at the 2004 annual IIMA (International Information Management Association) convention as a case study in Project Management
Environment: EDI, Linux, Java, XML, SQL, AS400, SAP, Gentran Mentor/GIS, Inovis Trusted Link, DB/C

Produce Pro Inc. - Subject, Wills &amp; Co.
Director of PMO, Client Account Rep	 					April 1998 - January 2000
Established project development methodology with profitability analysis and billing interface for Subject, Will's Wholesale Produce Vertical Market Package software division
Managed and implemented the package, established installation, training and support procedures
Completed, implemented and closed over custom 45 projects related to the package in 2 years while working with this division
Established standards for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) systems development.
Developed the package's import/export facility
Environment:  EDI, Gentran Mentor Enterprise Edition, DB/C

Hyatt Corporation - Subject, Wills &amp; Co.
Senior Project Manager, Client Account Rep					April 1996 - April 1998
Managed  over fifteen complete client projects and their full implementations for multiple vendors 
Managed the entire Y2K conversion of the client's nationwide hotel front desk systems
Executed the complete CSC Project Development Methodology in full compliance with the client's software coding standards, source control and software distribution disciplines
Responsible for the production of Statement of Work (SOW) and  functional and technical specifications concerning all software projects managed throughout the life of the contract

Major Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Subject, Wills &amp; Co.
Senior Project Manager, Client Account Rep						September 1994 - April 1996 
Managed and implemented a multi million dollar IT project for enterprise resource planning (ERP)
Oversaw the installation of a nationwide WAN/LAN hardware and software for a state of the art accounting, order entry and warehouse distribution system for accurate order fulfillment and supply chain management. 
Ensured effective communication and collaboration with the highest organizational levels of the corporation in defining overall project design, setting and meeting critical deadlines
Managed, in it's entirety, the efforts of external consultants and in-house system professionals
Environment: Harbinger/Inovis Trusted Link, DB/C

Account Manager - Subject, Wills &amp; Co.
Senior Project Manager,  Systems Consultant, Client Account Rep		January 1980 - September 1994
Managed and implemented IT projects and full System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) implementations for both domestic and international clients
Completed, managed and represented over 200 IT projects and accounts for a wide variety of clients including Fortune 500 companies
Client domains included extensive and diverse ERP custom applications spanning a wide range of industries

Champaign County, Champaign, IL.
Systems Analyst
Employed full time while earning a CS degree, College of Engineering, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign
Designed, developed and supervised IT projects requested by the various government departments and county board of Champaign County, Illinois
Converted outdated IBM mainframe data formats to state of the art database/table relational databases
Projects included the complete life cycle development and installation of the following systems:
Payroll (all facets) including interface to IMRF
Housing Authority Billing
Circuit Clerk Support Payments
Recorder of Deeds - Deed and mortgage processing

TECHNICAL
Business Process Disciplines	Product Fulfillment, Supply Chain, Inventory Control, Accounting, EDI and HealthCare Industry App/Dev, Business, Support services and Infrastructure.
Languages			JAVA, XML, HTML, JSON, RPG, PL/B, DB/C, DATABUS, GUI - Various
Platforms/Protocols		Apache, MySQL, SQL Server, etc, telnet, ssh, ftp, ftps, http, https, AS2, AS3
Operating Systems	Linux, Unix (various), Apple Panther OS, Windows 7, XP, VISTA, MS Windows Server
Other	EDI, MS Office, MS Project, PowerPoint, Visio, Clarity, Open Work Bench, Lotus Notes, Sterling Commerce Gentran, Inovis Trusted Link, WIKI, Barcodes, Telxon, Imaging, Eclipse with CVS, Web interfaces

EDUCATION
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Bachelor of Science Computer Science, College of Engineering
Minor: Business Administration

CERTIFICATIONS
Member Project Management Institute (pmi.org) with PMP certification awarded July 22, 2008.

PUBLICATIONS
Richard Frank. "Subject, Wills &amp; Company Launches a Next Generation EDI Solution." Java Industry Connection Aug 2000 http://industry.java.sun.com/javastories/store2/0,1072,28333,00.html (archived)
Richard Frank. "Subject, Wills &amp; Company Launches Zephyr EDI." Chicago Tribune | Chicago Tech Scene October 4, 2000 http://www.chicagotribune.com/tech/chicagosceene/articla/0,2669,ART-47202,FF.html (archived)
Richard Frank, Charles E. Frank, Jack T. Marchewka, Ph.D., F.I.I.M.A. "Project Zenith: A case study of electronic data interchange." IIMA Journal 4.3 (June 2004).  Selected by committee and presented at the 15th annual 2004 IIMA conference.












  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    acquisitions
  
  
    go-live
  
  
    AD
  
  
    Apache
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    art
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    Billing
    billing
  
  
    book
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    Business Process
  
  
    C
  
  
    com
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Conversion
    conversion
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    CVS
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    Electronic Data Interchange
    electronic data interchange
    EDI
  
  
    ERP
    enterprise resource planning
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    forms
  
  
    frame
  
  
    ftp
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Gentran
  
  
    GIS
  
  
    government
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    http
  
  
    IBM mainframe
  
  
    Websphere
  
  
    IMac
  
  
    Imaging
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Inventory Control
  
  
    Java
    JAVA
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    logic
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    magazine articles
  
  
    marketing
    Market
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
    Power Point
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Windows 7
    Windows
    MS Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Word
    MS Word
  
  
    Migration
    migration
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    Operating Systems
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    DB
  
  
    order entry
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    pick
  
  
    PL
  
  
    press releases
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    coding
  
  
    project design
  
  
    Project Development
    project development
  
  
    Project Management
    Project management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    Protocols
  
  
    publications
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    relational databases
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    retail
  
  
    RPG
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Sarbanes Oxley
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    security clearance
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    ssh
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Supply Chain
  
  
    supply chain management
  
  
    systems development
  
  
    System Integration
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Desktop support
  
  
    telnet
  
  
    translation
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    vision
  
  
    VISTA
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    Workbench
  
  
    XML
  
  
    Y2K
  


