
MS. CHITO COLLINS 
Home Office (408.677.4127); (Mobile 408.478.1141); (EMAIL) RCHITO@YAHOO.COM   WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/CHITOCOLLINS

Career Objective 
A senior level, global ecommerce, mobile commerce sales and business development position where I contribute to generating short term revenues and signing strategic partnerships longterm.

Experience Highlights and Track Record
Over 20 years direct and indirect sales experience - Closed multi-million contracts to C level executives in multiple industry verticals. Created and expanded short and long term sales strategies for companies that included specific markets and strategic target alliances.  Implemented new channel business models to significant reseller partners resulting in consistent revenue stream
Global payments expertise- over 15 year focused expertise in Internet  eCommerce, 10 years in mCommerce and mobile payments that resulted in a vast network of industry colleagues who are current and former clients /partners
Consulted in the emerging biometric electronic signature technology segment that is now getting adoption by eCommerce and mCommerce merchants to minimize "friendly fraud" and reduce merchant chargebacks
Worldwide eCommerce and mCommerce Program Manager - evaluated and created effective go to market product plans with competitive positioning and strategies 
Active Speaker in the e-commerce, m-commerce and payments industry verticals - Specialist in technology innovations impacting the on line merchants and technology providers. Last speaking engagement was at the Annual Airline Summit in Miami (www.airlineinformation.org).

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 
June 2009 to August 2010 - Part time, 1099 Lead Sales &amp; Marketing eCommerce Consultant to SignatureLink/Thinkbuilddeploy.com 
Introduced, evangelized and positioned SignatureLink's biometric electronic signature service to the eCommerce, mCommerce industry markets. Closed significant merchants and ISO partners who adopted the technology to minimize risk and friendly fraud.
July 2007 to December 31, 2008 - Sales Manager, VP Business Development - Mobilians International, acquired by Inicis Korea (shut down USA operations 12/31/08)
Educated eCommerce and mcommerce merchants and technology partners with  the new emerging payment technology (bill to mobile phone)
Developed short and long term strategic sales and marketing plans to penetrate the industry with the new payment alternative
Developed competitive analysis of existing players, market positioning and differentiators against the leading competitor, Danal.  
July 2004 to July 2007 - Regional Vice President, Channels &amp; Strategic Alliances, AmeriNet, Inc. (Company shutdown in 2008)
Signed referral/reseller partnership agreements with PayPal and Authorize.Net; and focused manage commerce providers such as Fellowship Technologies, Entango, TechProse and Thinkbuilddeploy. Left AmeriNet due to the financial status of the company in July 2007
January, 2003 to July 2004 - Director, Channels Group, CyberSource Corporation, Mt. View, CA 
Launched CyberSource's new Small Business initiative launched in April 2003 - targets included Portals, SIs, ISVs, Managed Commerce Providers, Technology Infrastructure partners. Cold Call and closed Yahoo 19M transaction volume partnership after 3 months of business development effort. 
Significant Wins: Influenced and won the IBM Finance Group Risk Management RFP and signed contract with IBM in December 2003 against leading competitive providers; Closed Yahoo Finance/Paydirect Contract replacing competition in June 2003; Closed Yahoo PSI Property worth over 19million transactions volume- the largest transaction contract in the history of CyberSource
Identified and closed over 13 reseller partners consisting of niche commerce system consulting and integration vendors. 
Left CyberSource due to change in compensation plan 
 

Previous Work Experience: 
Worldwide Sales Director, CardSoft Inc. San Mateo, CA, an application development platform software company for mobile computing - Closed 2 OEM Sales Contracts - GICC Korea and Omnikey Austria/Germany 
IBM Corporation, Palo Alto, California - Global Program Executive/Worldwide Payments-  Worldwide internet payments, ecommerce sales specialist to IBM's direct eBusiness sales teams. Closed a historical $4.4M ecommerce OEM partnership with Cardservice International, the largest ecommerce software sale at IBM Software Group. 
Director/Manager, Technology Partners Group CyberCash, Inc. Redwood City, California  - Global Partnerships and alliances with strategic technology partners consisting of hardware, software, database and application vendors. Signed distribution/bundling agreements with Lotus, Microsoft, and IBM InfoMarket/I.I.T., Oracle, Netscape/Actra, Digital, Sun Microsystems, and OpenMarket and key ecommerce merchant vendors.  Management of Technology Partners Group, consisting of 3 business development mgrs., 1 technical manager and 1 technical marketing manager 
Sun Microsystems Computer Corporation, Pleasanton, California - Sales, marketing and account management of Pacific Telesis Group, Pacific Bell and its subsidiaries
EDUCATION 
Bachelors in Business Administration &amp; Accounting Assumption College; Karilagan School, Makati Rizal Philippines 
UC Berkeley Extension, Total Quality Management 
PERSONAL 
Single, Hobbies include golf, gardening, fashion and image consulting, target shooting, travel and wine tasting 
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
OPEN TO RELOCATION WITH APPROPRIATE COMPENSATION PACKAGE










2




  
    .Net
  
  
    account management
  
  
    application development
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    business development
  
  
    com
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    competitive analysis
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consultant
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    database
  
  
    eCommerce
    ecommerce
  
  
    eBusiness
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IBM Software
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    Lotus
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    market positioning
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    Netscape
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    Risk Management
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Strategic Alliances
  
  
    Sun Microsystems
  
  
    Phone
    phone
  
  
    Total Quality Management
  


