
Tarakeswara Rao. A                                                  
Email: tarakesh63@yahoo.com
Cell: 901-581-8387   
Security Clearance: Public trust                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                  
Summary: 

Rao is a postgraduate engineer and Oracle certified Supply chain consultant with over 24 years of experience including 13 years of ERP, 2 years of PLM implementation experience coupled with 9 years of business experience.  Also, BPR experience in the supply chain areas including Demand to Build, Order to Cash, Warehouse Management &amp; PLM.

His detailed experience includes client proposals, product selection, solution design, and implementaions, training key users, post-production support &amp; upgrades. Also conducted workshops, implementation health checks &amp; developed testing strategies for Oracle Apps integrations involving more than 25 process flows from enterprise wide systems.
		
Also, trained &amp; demoed Oracle Accelerators Tools for rapid implementation methodology for Oracle Apps in SME industries.
 
Air Force (Dec 10- Aug 11)
Solutions for Scanning IUID centric process for mobile scanning for DoD.
Track Lead and implementing Item Unique Identification (IUID) &amp; WMS 
Developing solutions for integrating Oracle with DoD systems- D043, WAWF and IUID registry
Developing solutions for logistics process for Air Force bases
Implemented Opportunistic cross docking

Oracle Corporation- Senior. Principal Consultant (Jun06- Nov 10)

Client Proposals &amp; Gap Analysis
 Livingston Inc, Smacker Food products, Mercury Marine &amp; Invacare for implementing Oracle WMS.

DOD projects R12.0 (Jun 10- Nov 11):
Team lead for Architecture team to implement Supply chain processes like Item Identification (IUID), Warehouse management and RFID to meet DOD mandates.

Writing business strategy &amp; high level requirement documents for the below mentioned functions using Oracle Applications:
Requirements Gathering for IUID compliance.
Developing detailed requirements to integrate with Oracle Supply chain modules
WMS implementations for DoD distributions &amp; deployments
IUID integration with EBuz &amp; DOD systems like WAWF, IUID registry
High level solution design for Passive RFID implementations to meet the phase-1 project requirements
Developing Scanning solutions with 2D PDF bar codes/UID

Boar's Head (Food Processing Industry)-Gathering requirements &amp; Implementing R12. 1 WMS &amp; MSCA Systems (Dec 09- Apr 10)
Finalizing the Warehouse structure
Configuring Strategies &amp; Rules for Inbound flows
 Configuring Strategies &amp; Rules for Outbound Flows with complex validations
 Configure Pick Load page set ups to meet customer requirements
 Custom scans  UCC128 labels functionality to minimize picking scans
 Packing Workbench to consolidate packing for deliveries.
 Mapping Warehouse transactions to LPN functions
Ruining CRPs to demo client with Oracle WMS &amp; identify gaps

Tomkins -WMS Project R12.1(Nov09-DEC 09)
Go live support on WMS implementation &amp; reimplementation of warehouse specific functionality
Trained the Location super users on WMS processes
Identified issues with WMS Rule engine 
Resolved issues using WMS Packing workbench
Resolved Task jumping, Cancelled Order stocks after picking &amp; other critical issues
Optimized the travel paths for picking.

Advance Drainage Systems - Quality Lead (Sep 09- Nov09)
 Worked as a solution architect to design &amp; implement solution for enterprise quality system
Reviewed the legacy Global Quality system
Demo Quality functionality to client PMO team
Proposed Oracle Quality to replace the legacy system
Developed the requirements
Mapped &amp; Implemented Oracle Quality solution using common Collection process,  Global Specifications

CAE- Supply chain project R12.1 (Sep09- Sep 09)
Solution architect conducted the work shops and developing process flows for in a hi-tech FAA &amp; DOD Stds
Inbound
Manufacturing including Quality
Warehouse management &amp; iSupplier

Cash for Clunkers R12.04 -(FAA Project) - Implemented custom Isupplier functionality to (Aug 09)
Capturing the Loan application
Review &amp; Approval processes using iSupplier functions

General Dynamics Land Systems- WMS &amp; MSCA Implementation Lead: (Sep 08- Jun 09)

WMS Implementation, Training &amp; go live support for projects Manufacturing Environment
Developed business requirements &amp; implemented Warehouse management, manufacturing module for inbound, Outbound in Projects manufacturing environment.
Configurations &amp; go live support for WMS Strategies &amp; Rules for WIP, Inbound &amp; Outbound processes.
Implemented Custom Opportunistic cross docking
Implementation of Material Status, Packing work bench &amp; Bulk picking processes
Implemented WMS processes using Material Statuses, Packing Workbench, Bulk picking
Gathered requirements  &amp; prepare MD50 document for a custom back fill process
Extensively used WMS rules simulator to prove rules &amp; fix the issues with rules
Trained business Leads &amp; support resources in WMS functionality &amp; rules engine.

Cummins DBI -Supply chain Lead (July 08- Aug08)
Reviewed key processes for WIP, OM, WIP processes to identify the product gaps in key Order fulfillment processes like Back to back orders for service orders, Order Enquiry, ATP check, Quick order &amp; Quote entry etc.. 
Presented the gaps for key process to Oracle development team to include in next releases.

American Power Corporation (APC)-Quality Module Lead May 08-Jun 08)
Developed &amp; mapped business requirements for a multi site &amp; implemented Quality module for inbound &amp; manufacturing process and demoed the supplier integration.
Scoped the project for Phase -1

VeriFone industries -Quality implementation Lead (Mar 08-May 08)
Developed &amp; mapped business requirements or a multi site &amp; implemented Quality module for inbound &amp; manufacturing process
Training internal resources on QA functions

Mercury Marine Industries- WMS Expert Feb 08
Review "As is" process for inbound &amp; Out bound process
Mapped requirements to WMS functionality
Defined scope of the Phase- I implementation
Proof of Concept for Inbound &amp; Outbound for key business processes

Worthington Industries -OTC Functional Lead (Jun07-Jan 08)
Worked on developing Business requirements for enhancements on WIP &amp; Billing functionality.
Designed system testing for Demand to Build and OTC area
Presented a proposal using accelerator solutions with Steel packing industries
Conducted initial discovery session with the client to find the major gaps in Quality (QA Module) processes

Sprint- System Integration Test Lead (Jan 07- Jun07)
Designed Testing strategy for an environment with more than 76 inbound/outbound flows &amp; 12 external systems with e-Business applications
Coordinated the Offshore development &amp; testing

Cingular-Order To Cash (Jly06-Jan07)
Trouble shoot performance issues with Trip stop
Go live issues with Item attributes impacts on shipments/receiving etc..
Upgrade testing

Vonage Industries (Supply chain -Health check)
Study the enterprise supply chain implementation
Came up with process improvements &amp; recommendation
Recommended new process enhancements

Power Pack Industries:  WMS Expert (May06 - Jly 06)
Implemented WIP, Inbound WMS process for all the product lines
Implemented the PICK by UOM WMS feature for a bulk storage subinventory

Invacare Industries:  WMS Expert (Apr 06)
Studied the as is processes for inbound &amp; outbound and provided a gap analysis

  
Helen Of Troy Sr Business Analyst (Jly05-Apr06) Oracle Apps 11.5.9 version, multi org, multi operating unit environment
Implement &amp; Support Shipping, WMS, Receiving, OM, WIP and INV modules in a distribution supply chain. 
Monitor Month end close process for Inventory, WIP, and Receiving, shipping modules.
Running RFID pilot process for shipments using Data Link software, Zebra Printing technologies..
Streamline various supply chain processes flows. 
Support the development activities and for new warehouses and enhancements to existing processes.
Working with users for implementing WMS in new warehouses

Panasonic Avionics, WA (May05- Jly05) Oracle Applications 11.5.9 versions
Implementation of QA Module in Receiving, Shipping, WIP Processes.
Support ENG, INV, COST, BOM, WIP, MPS modules

Alcoa KAMA (Mar 2005-May 05) Oracle Applications 11.5.8 and 11.10 versions.
Multi site, multi customer implementation of Oracle Applications (WMS, INV, Shipping, Scheduling, BOM, WIP, CST and GL modules).

TCS America (Sep2003-Mar 2005)

Boeing- Seattle (Oct 2004-Mar 2005)
Worked as a Project manager for Integrated Material Management project from Tata consulting team to enhance and to support the existing Oracle applications solution in the areas spare parts supply chain.
Leading the below mentioned initiatives 
Data architecture
System architecture
Business architecture
Development of enhancements and new partner developments
Automation of Regression Testing scripts for the entire IMM processes


AT &amp; T Wireless-Redmond, WA (Sep2003-Oct 2004)
Oracle Applications 11.5.7
Worked as a senior analyst in AT &amp;T Wireless -Supply chain team to enhance and to support the existing Oracle applications solution in the areas of Purchase, Order Management and Inventory.
.
Sustainment Team Lead:
Supporting the error transaction resolution with interfaces of WMS (Red Prairie) and Oracle ERP system in coordination with teams from different locations.
Analysis, Map, gather requirements the data archiving requirements
Product selection of archiving products like Outerbay, Applimation
Implementation of the archiving product on Oracle ERP

Computech Corporation  (Oct 2000 - Aug 2003)
Arvin Merator, Detroit (Jly 03-Aug 2003)
Worked in the area of resolving the post go live issues of shipping module-Oracle Apps 11.5.7 version
TAR Management

Alcoa Inc, Pittsburgh (AUG 2001 - Jly 2003)
Oracle Applications 11.5.6, 11.5.8 ver
Worked as a consultant in the Common Global team in Order To Cash Group
Involved in set up the INV, CST, QA, and WIP modules for a new Operating unit.
Upgraded testing for all supply chain processes 11.5.6   &amp; 11.5.8 upgrades.
Deployed the solution and trained End users and supervisors using WMS transactions (Clear orbit)
Post implementation support &amp; TAR Management
Designed and implemented Cost extension to customize the RMA, Sales Order Issues, Counting and cost update transactions in Standard and average costing environments.
Involved in cost extension customizations and designed and implemented Inventory Period Close monitoring Tools.

GE Medical- Gold Seal Division (Mar 2000- Aug 2001)				
Manufacturing Consultant
Multi site implementation of Oracle Applications (Inventory, Order Entry, WIP, BOM, Costing and PUR to suit the client's refurbishing business needs

Worked as a lead consultant to resolve and simplify the Manufacturing processes. Job responsibilities included INV, BOM, WIP, and CST modules in a refurbishing business environment.
Design BOMs suitable for refurbishing business to minimize the variance.
Training users on Std costing, cost variance analysis &amp; GL transfer processes
Min-Max Planning considerations to design BOMs
 
Xerox Corporation, Toledo/Chicago (Sep2000-Mar2001)		 
Application Consultant
Multi site implementation of Oracle Applications11.03  (Inventory, Order Entry, WIP, BOM, Costing, PUR and OM Configuration) to suit the client's rapidly growing needs.
Worked as a member of Xerox corporate solution design team. 

Role includes study of the business processes, capturing requirements, identifying the gaps and mapping the requirements to Oracle in the below mentioned areas:
Participated in OE, INV, BOM, Costing, Configuration, WIP and Purchase modules.
Developed requirements for INV, OE, WIP and Costing modules.
Defined and configured the Models, Option classes and Options for configured items.
Developed a costing system using standard costing method for their different customer ordering processes
.
KPMG Consulting (December 97 to Aug'2000)
GE Power systems                                                                                                                                      
Worked as a team member of Implementation Team for leading power generator manufacturer. Role included developing the mapping of item data with other legacy systems.
Mapped item data interface with Saqqara system. to PDM and PDM to Oracle ERP.
Developed common schema for FSR auto, Fparts, Global Repair schemas
Set up of OE, INV, and WIP modules.
Developed requirements for INV, OE, and WIP modules.
Designed solutions for non-standard service orders for service re-work orders.

Fiat, Italy - Oracle -eMatrix PLM system                                                      		 
Prepare joint proposal for Fiat  - Italy 
Prepare a demo to simulate engineering change process and uploading revised items through portals to oracle Item Master and BOM.

Relevant Product Life cycle Management (PLM) experience:
Implemented MatrixOne PLM solution for Valsic Foods, John Deere, Honda Motors -Japan, NCR Corporation-South Carolina, Auto Packaging Systems-Ohio and the major processes implemented are:
Development of 6 frame wizard to cover the Creating new ECOs
Implemented new Item life cycle , ECR &amp; ECO processes

SE Technologies- Baan ERP System  (1996 Aug - 97 Dec)
Worked on ERP product BaaN, worked as consultant in writing test scripts for unit and integration test for customization with Shop floor and Sales modules for Sealy Beds, zebra technologies.

Business Experience (1986 Aug-1993 Aug)
Worked in Design, Shop floor Planning, Methods Development and Process improvements and implementing ISO9001 systems in Automotive and Engineering Environments.
Worked in different capacities from Engineer to Manager -Engineering and led a Team of 25 engineers.
  
Education/Trainings:
Post graduate in Design &amp; Manufacturing
Certified by Oracle in supply chain-Order Management
Certified in Supply Chain Management by APICS
Trained by Oracle University in WMS, PIM, Glog, Order Management, Advanced Pricing, iStores, EAM and Demantra modules.
Trained in Oracle Accelerators
Certified in Baan logistics Modules and Baan Tools



  
    ADA
  
  
    Go live
    go live
  
  
    Streamline
  
  
    Air Force
  
  
    analyst
  
  
    architect
  
  
    ATP
  
  
    Automation
  
  
    Automotive
  
  
    BaaN
    Baan
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    business strategy
  
  
    Catalogs
  
  
    Concept
  
  
    consultant
    consulting
  
  
    Client
    client
  
  
    Dec
  
  
    e-Business
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    frame
  
  
    GL
  
  
    Inventory
  
  
    ISO9001
  
  
    Team Lead
    Team lead
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Max
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    next
  
  
    Oracle
    oracle
  
  
    Oracle Applications
    Oracle applications
  
  
    Order Entry
  
  
    Order Management
  
  
    Packaging
  
  
    page
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    PDM
  
  
    PICK
    Pick
  
  
    PLM
  
  
    Pricing
  
  
    Processes
    processes
  
  
    Proposals
    proposal
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    Receiving
    receiving
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Requirements Gathering
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    Scanning
    scanning
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Shipping
    shipping
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    structured
  
  
    Supply chain
    supply chain
  
  
    Supply Chain Management
  
  
    System architecture
  
  
    TOAD
  
  
    UCC
  
  
    Unique
  
  
    upgrades
    Upgrade
  
  
    Workbench
    workbench
  


