
4
Ashley Reed

             Ashley M. Reed
Contact Information:                                                                                       Address: 5362 Morris St. Philadelphia, Pa. 19144                                                                  
Phone: (Cell) 215-713-6243 (Home) 215-843-1490                                                                            E-mail: areed71@wolf.cheyney.edu or virgomikey@yahoo.com           
Objective: To pursue a challenging career in an interesting, fun, and fast paced environment, which will enable me to use my skills to help others as well as gain other knowledge to enhance my skills.
Analysis: Providing great guest service, greeting guests, performing all tasks with urgency and staying alert.
Communication &amp; Presentation: Providing great communication skills, portraying a positive, well mannered, and energetic attitude at all times, and portraying a professional image and consistency. 
Technology: Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Works experienced and basic computer skills and standard retail computer programs, FaceBook, Twitter, MySpace, Yahoo, Google, and other cutting edge multi-media applications.
Education:                                                                                                       
* Cheyney University of Pennsylvania                                                                Cheyney, Pa.                              Bachelor of Sciences in Business Marketing                             Anticipated Graduation 2013  
*Germantown High School                                                                             Philadelphia, Pa.         General Studies                                                                                  Graduate Class of 2009
Experience:             
Jay Cooke Middle School/Nu Sigma Beacon                          Philadelphia, Pa. 1300 W. Loudon St. 19141                                                                                            (215)455-5990          Staff Member/Work Study Student/Office Aide                                          June 2011 - August 2011 Responsibilities Included:
Answering phones when the beacon staffs were unavailable, taking messages, and answering questions of parents, guardians, or other staff within the school.
Keeping the office area clean by sweeping the floor, throwing away old paper work, reorganizing the office area, moving shelves, cleaning desks, and cleaning and reorganizing closets.
Organizing paperwork consisted of printing copies of important documents/information, storing paperwork in file cabinets and bins in alphabetical order, making folders for information packets of participating students/neighborhood children, and using Microsoft Excel to edit/add information and/or lists for participating children.
Making phone calls to homes about the Beacon's programs and persuading parents to allow their children to participate which has helped gain more participants.
Benjamin Franklin High School/Nu Sigma Beacon         Philadelphia, Pa. 550 N. Broad St. 19030                                                                                                  (215)496-9300   Staff Member                                                                                               June 2010 - August 2010 Responsibilities Included:
Answering phones when the beacon staffs were unavailable, taking messages, and answering questions of parents, guardians, or other staff within the school.
Keeping the office area clean by sweeping the floor, throwing away old paper work, reorganizing the office area, moving shelves, cleaning desks, and cleaning and reorganizing closets.
Organizing paperwork consisted of printing copies of important documents/information, storing paperwork in file cabinets and bins in alphabetical order, making folders for information packets of participating students/neighborhood children, and using Microsoft Excel to edit/add information and/or lists for participating children.
Making phone calls to homes about the Beacon's programs and persuading parents to allow their children to participate in which has helped gain more participants.
Prepared the meals for the children by placing milk and juice cartons in a crate along with mini cereal bowls with cereal inside, muffins, doughnuts, and fruits for breakfast, and milk and juice cartons along with sandwiches, muffins, crackers, and fruits for lunch and distributed the foods to each group in a crate or a box. 
Extracurricular Activities &amp; Programs:
Cheyney University Concert Choir                                                                              2010 - 2011    
I participated in the Concert Choir to enhance my singing skills, as well as expanding my experience with singing on a choir and to earn graded credits for performing with the ensemble.
Member of the Germantown High School Jazz Band                                                   2007 - 2008 
I performed with the jazz band voluntarily for special events to help entertain the guests and to fulfill my musical experience as well as my musical interests. The Peace Train also helped out and I performed with them during assemblies to help teach student about respect, anti-violence, and African - American appreciation. .I also took music as an elective course in high school which affected my grade and has earned me positive recognition from teachers, schoolmates, the principal, and other staff when I performed with the jazz band.
The Village of Arts and Humanities for Music Production                                          2007 - 2008
I participated in this program after school while in the tenth grade. It was a music production class which briefly taught how to record music on the computer using and Apple desktop, Garage Band software, and external instruments which could be connected using a USB cable. We composed music to help influence teenagers that positive hobbies are useful instead of engaging in violence. It was a great experience and it helped me gain more knowledge about music production as well as satisfying my musical interests.
Youth Works Program                                                                                                  2005 - 2006
I participated in this program provided by Education Works while in the ninth grade after school twice a week. Participating student went on field trips, participated in mock trial programs, and even had parties as a reward for participating. This program talked about violence in the community and we wrote journals and reactions to life in our community. I also participated in the summer program and helped create music about non violence and how to stay positive as well as encourage young women to be emotionally strong.
 Entrepreneurship Program                                                                                           2005 -2006
I participated in this program while in the ninth grade and learned about the basics to owning a business and I even participated in an apprenticeship and sold doughnuts in the school cafeteria. I also participated in a graduation ceremony as a reward for participating.
References:
* Shawn A. Murray - Community Marketing Manager &amp; Cheyney University Faculty (610)803-7509
* Sonya Dixon - Manager at Five Guys (215) 983-5118
* Allen Gardner - Cheyney University Faculty Member/Band Director (302) 276-5734
    















  
    Apple
  
  
    cable
  
  
    cashier
  
  
    great communication skills
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    edit
  
  
    special events
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
  
  
    loss prevention
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Works
  
  
    music production
  
  
    neat
  
  
    Organizing
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    singing
  
  
    Answering phones
    phone
  
  
    type
  
  
    USB
  


