
Jim York
450 West Hollis St.  Apt A
Nashua, NH 03062
Phone (603) 521-8544 email jyorknh@gmail.com

Business Analysis, Information Technology - Director of Customer Service - IMNET Corporation                           Dec. 1988 - Apr. 1990
Responsible for world-wide Pre and Post Customer Service and Support for an Image Processing System.  Responsible for identifying client's needs and ensuring implementation.  Also responsible for Software and Hardware Support, Education, and Quality Assurance.  Directly supported client products. Designed and presented materials to prospective clients on the professionalism, quality and capabilities of the products and on-going Customer Service.  Personally responsible for the high level of customer satisfaction the company achieved.  Designed and maintained a central dispatch Call Tracking and Assets Management System operating on UNIX for both hardware and software support.  Participated in the Business Analysis Process.  Company went out of business.
 
Client Services Manager - Encore Computer                                                                                   Apr. 1987 - Nov. 1988
Encore designed, sold, and supported multi-processing computers, operating under UNIX, with the capability of delivering more than 500 Million Instructions Per Second (500 MIPS.)  Responsibilities included - - installation and ongoing software support; managing  the software support group; train customers and company personnel in Unix, Informix, PICK, and other software products; presented Customer Relations Classes to both customers and company personnel, Train-The-Trainer, and other personnel development courses. Involved in the Business Analysis Process.  Designed, developed, and maintained a Inventory Control System to assist sales.  Designed and maintained a Call Management System that not only tracked calls, but was also used to manage both company and customer assets, and was used for maintenance billing.  The system also maintained status on all customer configurations and applications.  Interfaced directly with customers on a daily basis to resolve and prevent problems.  Company relocated to Atlanta, GA, and I did not want to relocate. 
 
Client Services Manager - EnMasse Computer                                                                               Jun. 1985 - Feb. 1987
Responsible for installation, training, quality control, and software support on all delivered products. Designed, coded, implemented, and supported various unique application programs and applications written under Informix ESQL for a UNIX based transaction processing system.  Provided training to customers and in-house personnel on UNIX, and developed procedures for implementing application programs on the system. 

 
Accomplishments:  A demonstrated record of superior accomplishment. Extensive experience in the SDLC as a project manager, business analyst, developer, quality assurance, on-site implementation, and follow up support.  Possess excellent communication skills and have the technical experience to interface with other departments. Worked with clients both internally and externally to achieve desired success. Have extensive experience in developing templates and check lists that provide other team members with clearer understandings.  I have developed Scripts and Test Cases for Quality Assurance and Software Testing.  Over 10 years script development in SQL. Designed processes and methodology to develop and implement quality software products to the customer.  Developed traceability matrices to enable developers and testers to more easily maintain the software after the release thus reducing regression testing.    



  
    AGILE
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Business Analysis
  
  
    communications skills
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    client
    Clients
    clients
    Customer Relations
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    ESQL
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    Hardware Support
  
  
    Image Processing
  
  
    Informix
  
  
    Inventory Control
  
  
    managing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Needs Analysis
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    PICK
  
  
    policies
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Risk Analysis
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    Scripts
  
  
    Software Testing
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    software support
  
  
    Trainer
  
  
    transaction processing
  
  
    unique
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    Unix Shell
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    workshops
  
  
    written
  


