
				Kathleen A. Roy	2604 Rochester Rd #11	kathleen.roy@gmail.com	

248.990.8897	Royal Oak, Michigan 48073	




SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Organized, innovative, and dependable senior professional experienced in technical editing, technical writing, proofreading, quality assurance (QA), publishing, and Web site content management. 

Creative and analytical problem solver dedicated to efficiency and performance improvement. 
Patented an 800% more effective, environmentally safe biocide that is now sold worldwide.

Proficient in Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint; skilled in Microsoft SharePoint and Adobe Acrobat; and learns new software quickly. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Editor  				(contracted through Malace International)           June 2010 - April 2011		
Edits and proofreads military technical publications such as operator's manuals, field maintenance manuals, repair parts and special tools lists (RPSTLs), and interactive electronic  technical manuals (IETMs). 
Performs quality assurance reviews to ensure compliance with MIL-STD-40051. 
Analyzes inconsistencies and recommends ways to improve the document development process.

Collaborates with technical writers, desktop publishers, provisioners, and illustrators and manages project adherence to schedule and contract requirements.  
Developed first company-wide style guide for U.S. Army publications to improve clarity and consistency.
OnStar by GM	







Senior Business Performance Leader  		Detroit, Michigan   		  Aug 2007 - May 2008

Led performance improvements for the Remote Diagnostics and General Information lines of business.
Improved customer satisfaction for Remote Diagnostics for 5 consecutive months to the highest levels ever recorded (&gt;88%).  
Sustained high levels of customer satisfaction (&gt;91%) for General Information while the subscriber base grew by over 60%.
Created and edited online process documentation to enhance clarity of over 650 advisor solutions.  Wrote and published at least 12 technical bulletins per month. 

Developed and implemented high-severity scripting for 4 critical diagnostic codes to improve subscribers' safety and reduce warranty costs by over $100 million in less than 6 months.


Kathleen A. Roy	2604 Rochester Rd #11	kathleen.roy@gmail.com	

248.990.8897	Royal Oak, Michigan 48073	page 2 of 3	


Senior Curriculum Developer 	(contracted through Aerotek)			Nov 2005 - July 2007
Created and managed training curriculum for OnStar Technical Assistance to support over 1,500 advisors in 4 call centers worldwide.  

Designed and developed over 60 instructor-led and Web-based training (WBT) courses, assessments, and job aids. 
Edited and published course materials using a Web-based Learning Management System (LMS). 
Course effectiveness ratings consistently surpassed 3.7 on a scale of 4.	
Interviewed subject matter experts (SMEs), developed storyboards, and translated complex technical information into over 120 clear and concise solutions. 

Performed quality assurance and edited training materials developed for all other lines of business. 

Improved advisors' performance to reduce service delivery costs by $4 million in less than one year.

Self-Employed
Technical Editor			Royal Oak, Michigan   			Jan 1997 - Nov 2005
Edited technical reports and user manuals on driving simulation computer software developed for the U.S. Army's Tank-Automotive and Armaments Command (TACOM).  

Completed 100% of technical editing projects on schedule and secured client over $700 thousand of additional research funding from the Department of Defense (DoD). 

Edited and managed Web site content for a public health and safety company and increased user satisfaction by 130%.
Edited and proofread over 50 educational reference books and related online content for Macmillan, Pearson Education, and Thomson Gale using The Chicago Manual of Style, and delivered 100% of manuscripts ahead of tight deadlines.
Created and taught a new organizational behavior master's psychology course at Wayne State University on topics such as leadership, ethics, and communication.
Taught Graduate Management Admissions Test (GMAT) preparation courses and tutored students on topics such as critical reasoning, problem solving, and reading comprehension.  Course evaluations exceeded 9.3 out of 10, and students' test scores went up by 30% to 100%.
Previous experience includes management consulting at Deloitte &amp; Touche and various positions in technical sales, research, manufacturing, and marketing at The Dow Chemical Company. 

Kathleen A. Roy	2604 Rochester Rd #11	kathleen.roy@gmail.com	

248.990.8897	Royal Oak, Michigan 48073	page 3 of 3	


Volunteer experience includes practice administration for Complete Medical Management 
(Aug 2009 through May 2010).

EDUCATION
University of Michigan	

Ann Arbor, Michigan	



MBA in General Management 	   	    		High Distinction (top 5%)		
Michigan State University	

East Lansing, Michigan	



Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering		Cum laude graduate of the Honors College












  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    Army
  
  
    Automotive
  
  
    Chicago Manual of Style
  
  
    concise
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    driving
  
  
    instructor
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    management consulting
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    psychology
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    reading
  
  
    research
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scripting
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    technical editing
  
  
    technical sales
  
  
    Technical Assistance
  
  
    user manuals
    technical manuals
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    Web site content
  


