
                                                                       RESUME

E-mail: hariharan.eswaran@gmail.com
                                                   Mobile Phone: 3127307835
Hariharan E

Professional Summary

Seven years [7.6] of experience covering design, development and implementation of applications using J2EE (Java, JSP, JSTL, Servlets and EJB) technologies,Webservices and Spring, Struts2 and Sitemesh frameworks, with excellent inter-personal skills. 

My goal is to utilize my Information Systems skills towards a challenging career in a growth oriented and leading edge organization that recognizes and values individual contribution and which will provide opportunities for continuing growth and advancement. 


Certifications

1. Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP 1.4).
	
2. Sun Certified Web Component Developer (310-083) [SCWCD1.5].

3. Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE 1.4).

4. Core Banking Certification [C1 &amp; D1].

5. General Insurance Domain Certification [INS21]


Onsite Experience

  1. USA CTS Value scope project Design and Implementation.
  1. China EURONET [Online ATM Transaction] Project Implementation.
  2. China EURONET [External Network Transaction] Project Implementation.
  3. UAE DEBITCARD [Online Loro Transactions] Project Implementation.


Achievements

Got the best performer of the year award for Asynchronous Implementation .
Got the Exceptional value rating for MFRB Training Batch-2010 CTS.
Got top most rating [1-B Value Champ] consecutively for consecutive financial years [2008 &amp; 2009].
Got the appreciation Letter from CEO of Standard chartered Bank] for my exceptional performance [2008-2009].
Best Performer of the Year from Ivesia Solutions [CMMI Level 5] [2005-2006].








Organization	Designation	Duration 	

Cognizant Technology Solutions[CTS]
USA


Scope International  Pvt. Ltd  
[International Software Centre of India - software unit of Standard Chartered Bank]
Chennai - 96

Ivesia Solutions (I) Pvt Ltd., 
A SEI CMMI Level 5 Company
Chennai.

Data Software Research Company.
Chennai.	
Senior Associate




System Analyst.


 

Programmer Analyst.



Academic Qualification

MCA Computer Science (2001 - 2004)
Bishop Heber College.Trichy -06.
Secured 75% of marks.

Technical Profile

Web Technologies	Servlets, JSP, JSTL,EJB, JavaScript, Jquery,CSP, AJAX	

Servers	Websphere6.1,Apache Tomcat 4.0, JBOSS 4.0, Weblogic 8.1	

Markup Languages	HTML, XHTML, XML	

Languages	Java(Jdk1.4 &amp; Jdk1.5)	

Style Sheet Languages	CSS, XSLT	

RDBMS	DB2,Oracle and  PostgreSQL 8.0.	

Software Development Tools	Eclipse 3.0, Case Studio 2.18, Macromedia Homesite.	

Version Control Tools	Clearcase,VSS, CVS	

Operating System	Linux ,Windows XP	

Verticals	Core Banking,Customer Relationship Management (CRM)	

Others	Webservices,Design Patterns, STRUTS2, Spring,Sitemesh,MQSeries,Ibatis and Hibernate.	



Projects Profile 

#1. 	Project Name: Value Scope 	







Role	Technical Lead.	

Organization	CTS- USA	

Vertical	Insurance.	

Duration	Apr, 2010 - till date	

Team Size	9	

Environment	Java ,JSP, Servlets, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns,Struts2,Spring ,Sitemesh,MQ Series, XML, JavaScript, WASAD, DB2, ClearCase, Linux, Eclipse 3.0	




Project Description

Company has decided to re-platform the current Valuation application i.e. Valuescope from a mainframe platform to a JEE based open system implementation. At a high level  Valuescope&#174; Claim Services provide Fast, Accurate, Local Market Value&#174; information for total loss vehicles, including extensive, in-depth VIN information. The system will arrive at the value of a total loss vehicle, before the loss happened by following a complex set of processes, which includes comparing the vehicle with standard vehicles as well as vehicles specific to local geography native to the loss vehicle.

Project Objectives:

1.	Create interface forVIN Decode
2.	Create database and load the  data's from Chrome interface .
3. 	Create interface called as CVINA and populate the CRV data's.
4.	Decode VIN and YMM value and show the relevant vehicle information to user.

This project is not restricted to individual products -- all products and states will be impacted.

Contribution

Prepared the User stories and Usecases.
Prepared the System Design[SAD Preparation].
Task allocation and manage the offshore scrum team.
Resolved the complex technical issues. 




#2. 	Project Name: CashRewrite 	







Role	Technical Lead.	

Organization	CTS- India	

Vertical	Insurance.	

Duration	Apr, 2010 - till date	

Team Size	8	

Environment	Java ,JSP, Servlets, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns,Struts2,Spring ,Sitemesh,MQ Series, XML, JavaScript, WASAD, DB2, ClearCase, Linux, Eclipse 3.0	

Project Description

The project objective is Revise Auto Link Online links to route all the Online forms to Documaker as opposed to static document links. Update the Forms Gateway to route documents to Documaker instead of the AutoLink Forms Component. Update AutoLink Print/View Doc page to reflect tabular page viewReprint Submitted Transactions Link to Print/View Policy Documents Screen.  This applies to new business only. Project Background:

Cash processors currently use stand-alone applications to process payments made through AutoLink by Agents through their sweep accounts and make adjustments to commission statements.  These applications are written in an unsupported language (Visual Basic 6) and rely on an unsupported database (SQL Server 6.5).  This project will provide a way for Cash processors to process this information using technologies which are supported by java and J2ee technologies.

This requirement documents the rewrite of the Agent Sweep system.

Project Objectives:

1.	Create interface for Cash Processors to list transactions, add credits, add debits, and 
	balance transactions to agent sweep accounts.
2.	Create database to store agent sweep transactions.
3. 	Create interface for Agent LagProcessors to list transactions, add,delete and 
	search transactions to agent lag transactions.
4.	Create the batch files for Sweep Transactions and create the Error report.

This project is not restricted to individual products -- all products and states will be impacted.

Contribution

Task allocation
Involved in design activities and coding.
Involved in Code Review and Performance Tuning.
Involved in R&amp;D activities.



#3. 	Project Name: AUTOLINK 	







Role	Team Lead.	

Organization	CTS- India	

Vertical	Insurance.	

Duration	Nov, 2009 - Mar 2010	

Team Size	29	

Environment	Java ,JSP, Servlets, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns,MQ Series, XML, JavaScript, WASAD, DB2, ClearCase, Linux, Eclipse 3.0	

Project Description

The project objective is Revise Auto Link Online links to route all the Online forms to Documaker as opposed to static document links. Update the Forms Gateway to route documents to Documaker instead of the AutoLink Forms Component. Update AutoLink Print/View Doc page to reflect tabular page viewReprint Submitted Transactions Link to Print/View Policy Documents Screen.  This applies to new business only.

Contribution

Involved in design activities and coding.
Involved in reporting activities.
Involved in Code Review and Performance Tuning.
Involved in R&amp;D activities.


#4. 	Project Name: ADC[Alternative Delivery Channel]	

Client	SCB[Standard Chartered Bank UAE &amp; Bahrain]	

Role	Senior Developer.	

Organization	Scope International., Chennai - India	

Vertical	Core Banking.	

Duration	Jan, 2009 - Nov 2009	

Team Size	8	

Environment	Java ,JSP, Servlets, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns,MQ Series, XML, JavaScript, WASAD, DB2, ClearCase, Linux, Eclipse 3.0	

Project Description

The purpose of the system is to use the Mobile Banking, SMS Banking, Remote Banking/Touch screen and Intranet Web Server delivery channels in order to automate inquiries on account related services, product-related information and perform financial transactions on the respective delivery channel. Customers are provided access to account-related inquiries and requests and to perform financial transactions. The call center agent will be provided access to the Intranet web application operational on the
desktop in order to cater to specific requests from customers of Standard Chartered Bank.
 
 The Queue Management System deals with the Express Banking application and other services. Express Banking provides the customer, the access to deposit cash and Withdrawal. Other Services provides the customer, the access to the services such as cheque deposit, Pay Order &amp; Foreign currency and also deposit and withdrawal of cash.

The SMS &amp; Mobile Banking Application enables the customer to make inquiries and financial transaction through the mobile phone by using the SMS messaging facility and USSD with total confidentiality and security.

Contribution

Involved in design activities and coding.
Involved in reporting activities.
Involved in Code Review and Performance Tuning.
Involved in R&amp;D activities.


#5. 	Project Name: EURONET	

Client	SCB[Standard Chartered Bank China]	

Role	Developer.	

Organization	Scope International., Chennai - India	

Vertical	Core Banking.	

Duration	Jun, 2008 - Dec 2008	

Team Size	10	

Environment	JSP, Servlets, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns, XHTML, XSLT, XML, JavaScript, WASAD, DB2, ClearCase, Linux, Eclipse 3.0	

Project Description

SCB China intended to offer ATM services for its customers. To fast track the implementation,
SCB China has taken approach to leverage on the ATM/Debit card functionality offered in SCB Indonesia with some exception. The exception is to offer additional functionality to match the local banking industry standard offering for ATM/Debit Card services in China.
The ATM/Debit transactions are differentiated between SCB ATM and Other ATM with same city and cross city segregation to impose different charge type.
The ATM/Debit card functionality is to support the debit account in RMB currency and the transaction currency in RMB currency - within China,
For transaction outside China, the debit account will be in RMB and debit amount also in RMB equivalent if the transaction currency is in foreign currency. The currency conversion will be done by service provider and transparent to eBBS
Euronet [Switch] will differentiate the type of Debit/ATM card transaction and send the related transaction code with an indicator (same city, cross city). The same city and cross city classification is based Debit Account Home Branch and ATM / Branch POS Location used for the transaction.
Euronet to store the branch code for all eBBS subsidiary accounts captured during the registration process. A table mapping required in Euronet to group branch code to a city and also the ATMs and Branch POS to a city. The maintenance of these tables will be handled manually within Euronet application. In eBBS, the two transaction codes will be defined for same transaction type to differentiate the Debit/ATM Card transactions as follows:
a.         From Local ATM Transaction  
b.  	From Switch Network Transaction.

Contribution

Involved in design activities and coding.
Involved in reporting activities.
Involved in Code Review and Performance Tuning.
Involved in R&amp;D activities.



#6. 	Project Name: SCBNET	

Client	SCB[Standard Chartered Bank UAE]	

Role	Developer.	

Organization	Scope International., Chennai - India	

Vertical	Core Banking.	

Duration	Apr, 2007 - Jun ,2008	

Team Size	10	

Environment	JSP, Servlets, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns, XHTML, XSLT, XML, JavaScript, WASAD, DB2, ClearCase, Linux, Eclipse 3.0	

Project Description

SCB UAE intended to offer ATM services for its customers. To fast track the implementation,
SCB UAE has taken approach to leverage on the ATM/Debit card functionality offered in All SCB customers with some exception. The exception is to offer additional functionality to match the local banking industry standard offering for ATM/Debit Card services in UAE.
The ATM/Debit transactions are differentiated between SCB Customer and Other Bank Customer with charge type or without charges types. If the Customer is SCB customer our eBBS system doesn't append the charge for those transactions.
If the Customer is other bank customer the transactions are coming from VISA network and posted in SCB GL A/C's.

The ATM/Debit card functionality is to support the debit account in RMB currency and the transaction currency in RMB currency - within China,
For transaction outside China, the debit account will be in RMB and debit amount also in RMB equivalent if the transaction currency is in foreign currency. The currency conversion will be done by service provider and transparent to eBBS
Euronet [Switch] will differentiate the type of Debit/ATM card transaction and send the related transaction code with an indicator (same city, cross city). The same city and cross city classification is based Debit Account Home Branch and ATM / Branch POS Location used for the transaction.
Euronet to store the branch code for all eBBS subsidiary accounts captured during the registration process. A table mapping required in Euronet to group branch code to a city and also the ATMs and Branch POS to a city. The maintenance of these tables will be handled manually within Euronet application. In eBBS, the two transaction codes will be defined for same transaction type to differentiate the Debit/ATM Card transactions as follows:
a.         From Local ATM Transaction  
b.  	From Switch Network Transaction.

Contribution

Involved in design activities and coding.
Involved in reporting activities.
Involved in Code Review and Performance Tuning.
Involved in R&amp;D activities.



#7. 	Project Name: OneBundle CRM	

Client	Objective Management Group, MA, USA	

Role	Developer.	

Organization	Ivesia Solutions Pvt Ltd., Chennai - India	

Vertical	CRM (Customer Relationship Management)	

Duration	Nov, 2005 - Apr 2007	

Team Size	10	

Environment	JSP, Servlets, AJAX, EJB, J2EE Design Patterns, XHTML, XSLT, XML, JavaScript, JBOSS 4.0, PostgreSQL 8.0, CVS, Windows XP, Windows 2000 Server, Eclipse 3.0	

Project Description

The Customer Relationship Management application manages accounts, contacts, leads, opportunities and cases and their relationships. It supports tracking events and tasks for any user in the system. Also this module is provisioned to create suspects, nothing but a lead. The created lead could be converted into a company, opportunity or to a contact. 

The user can create and manage the set of activities such as Appointments, Calls, Fax, Letter and Email. These activities could be assigned to other users as well could be shared among users.

Contribution

Involved in design activities and coding.
Involved in team management, task management and reporting activities.
Involved in Code Review and Performance Tuning.
Involved in R&amp;D activities.
Involved in the data migration.

8. 	Project Name: WATS (Work Allocation and Tracking System)	

Client	Highdata Software Corp, Inc, Salem NH - US	

Role	Developer	

Organization	Ivesia Solutions Pvt Ltd., Chennai - India	

Duration	Sep, 2005 - Nov, 2005.	

Team Size	4	

Environment	Extended Model-1 Architecture, JSP, Java Beans, XHTML, XSLT, XML, JavaScript, Tomcat, SQL Server 2000, VSS, Windows XP, Windows 2000 erver	

Project Description 
WATS is a web-based work allocation and tracking system. It maximizes efficiency in development teams through optimized team interaction and systematic tracking of project tasks. WATS features include project planning, resource allocation, task management, customized team member interaction and bug tracking.

The product uses Java Server Pages and Java Bean for the application layer and SQL Server 7.0 for the backend database. The web-tier consists of Apache Tomcat 4.0.1. The system uses XML for communication between the different layers and XSL for transformation of XML data into client-specific formats such as HTML.

Contribution

Involved in developing JSP, XML &amp; XSLT codes for generating HTML pages. 
Responsible for creating Java classes, interfaces and database stored procedures.
Involved in Unit Testing


#9. 	Project Name: SPEED(System to Provide Employee Empowerment and Development)	

Client	Citi Bank, CEEMEA (Central Eastern European and Middle East) region.	

Role	Developer	

Duration	Aug, 2004 - Sep 2005	

Team Size	13.	

Environment	Struts, EJB, JSP, Java Beans, HTML, JavaScript, Tomcat, Oracle 8i, VSS, Windows 2000 Server	


Project Description 
  This application is intended to be used by employees and various HR personnel of CITIBANK in the CEEMEA (Central Eastern European and Middle East) region. This project is aimed at making the entire HR System available on the net. This includes access to the day-to-day activities from attendance marking and time sheet preparation to training needs evaluation and SOP allocation. The project takes care of all operations within the organization from raising a request for a new position in the organization to receiving applications on the same from internal as well as external sources, initiating the required joining proceedings all tied in by a workflow engine that moves requests and approvals through the organization chart as per protocol. 
Employee Information Module Captures the Entire Details of an Employee and also takes care of his leave schedules and balances. It covers the information an employee needs in categories of personal details; work related details, etc. The system also keeps personal data up- to-date, apply for leave and claim various expenses. Leave management plays a critical role in the e-HR application as it will be used in a daily basis by the employees of the company. This sub-module takes care of all the leave related procedures like leave application, approval, cancellation and leave based report generation. Each sub-module is made up of complex business processes and decision-making strategies.

Contribution

Involved in preparation of test cases for Functional and System testing.
Performed the Functional, System and Regression Testing.
Created Test Scripts using Rational Robot.
Involved in the preparation of test data.
Bug tracking using Defect Tracking System.


Personal Details
Date of Birth		:	06 Jun 1981
Father's Name	:	S.Eswaran.
Passport Number	:	F0453589
Present Address	:	320, West Illinois Street,
Chicago,Illinois,
                                          60654
Phone:-3127307835.












Hariharan
		10



  
    Apache
  
  
    approach
  
  
    ATM
  
  
    automate
  
  
    balance
  
  
    banking
    Banking
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    C
  
  
    call center
  
  
    ClearCase
    Clearcase
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
    CRM
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Client
    client
  
  
    Version Control
    CVS
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    database
  
  
    Debit
    debit
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    Delivery
    delivery
  
  
    Eclipse 3.0
  
  
    Email
  
  
    EJB
  
  
    Fast
    fast
  
  
    Fax
  
  
    features
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Forms
    forms
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    Gateway
  
  
    GL
  
  
    Homesite
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    HR
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    Websphere6.1
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    J2ee
    Java 2 Enterprise Edition
  
  
    Java
    java
  
  
    JSP
    Java Server Pages
  
  
    Java Beans
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    JBOSS 4.0
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Team Lead
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Macromedia
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    Market
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    access
  
  
    SQL Server 6.5
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MQ Series
    MQSeries
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    Operating System
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    page
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    POS
  
  
    PostgreSQL 8.0
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Processors
    processors
  
  
    coding
    Programmer
  
  
    project Design
  
  
    project planning
  
  
    Express
  
  
    RDBMS
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    Servlets
  
  
    Scripts
  
  
    SMS
  
  
    Software Development
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    SQL Server 7.0
  
  
    stories
  
  
    STRUTS2
    Struts2
    Struts
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Switch
  
  
    System Design
  
  
    tables
  
  
    team management
  
  
    phone
  
  
    Tomcat
    Tomcat 4.0.1
    Tomcat 4.0
  
  
    type
  
  
    Valuation
  
  
    View
  
  
    Visual Basic 6
  
  
    Web Server
  
  
    Weblogic 8.1
  
  
    Windows 2000 Server
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    written
  
  
    XHTML
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSL
  
  
    XSLT
  


