
Lucian Corneliu


34982 N. Camp Fire Circle
Queen Creek, AZ.  85242
luciancorneliu@gmail.com
Tel. 480-452-3204



EDUCATION:


The Romanian-American University-School of Law,
 Bucharest, Romania, 1996-2000  Graduated with a BA &amp; Masters.
Alexandru Ioan Cuza Police Academy, Bucharest, Romania-BA Criminal Justice Degree. November 2000.Specialisation: Criminal Procedure.
JD Award by Minister of Public Affairs and Police Academy AL. I. Cuza, Romania; Company Law, Contract Law, Human Rights, International Public Law.
Co-author of Romanian Criminal Procedures regarding White Collar Crimes, 2000.
Practical Approach of Juridical Management-research project.
American Legal Institutions-research project.
European Legal System-research project.
International Commercial Law-research project.

Oxford House College: London England, 2003- English Literature (1 semester).

London Wimbledon College/Council for Licensed Conveyancers, London, England, 2006-2007.

Stanford University, CA, Stanford Advanced Project Management-Certificate Awarded  March 2012.

SECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT EXPERIENCE:


Site Supervisor: Managing the security service for First Data Corporation, Chandler, AZ. Responsibilities include, but not limited to; scheduling, payroll, disciplinary actions, training, internal investigations, interpret applicable policies and procedures based on existing circumstances. Supervise subordinates so they perform their functions effectively and assign security duties as circumstances warrant.




G4S Secure Solutions USA. Phoenix, AZ.
CFO Officer 2- 2010 to 1-2011:
Bank of America Data Center. Acces Control. Physical Security of data hall. Command center and dispatch duties.
  

Trident Security:  Phoenix Children Hospital Arizona
12- 2008-12-2009.
Security Supervisor-Part of the Operations Team. Responsibility of this role is to ensure that all client requirements are met as well as ensuring individual client management and liaison. JCAHO, OSHA and HIPAA compliance. The main functions of this role are planning, scheduling, directing work, preparing daily reports, assist in development of security procedures, establish security patrol priorities, contract compliance and quality management ensuring that a top notch service is delivered at all times.
Metropolitan London Police:  London, UK. 2007-2008.
 Front counter assistant and special consultant to Special Constable Office, intelligence unit. It is a front line position requiring a flexible attitude and a great time management. Responsible for public assistance of divers community sites ensuring Metropolitan London Police has delivered 100% accurate information.
Understanding and experience of business, intelligence and technical information, security concepts including risk management;
Broad knowledge of Security Technologies, such as CCTV, Acces and Intruder;

LEGAL EXPERIENCE:

 
Corneliu Services, London, UK. 2002-2008
Legal Counsel: I was directing a series of real estate transactions across European Union states, guiding and assisting clients through purchasing, developing and selling diverse- private or commercial- real estate assets.  My main responsibility was identifying the right team for the right project including putting together the actual operational team in accordance with the nature of the project/transaction, the size of it, the location, the financial dimension, the time frame allocated, the requirements of the clients, etc.
Typically a project team had a lead working under my direct supervision and he/she was the liaison officer with client, an accountant and several assistants-locally contracted- such as, lawyers, solicitors or paralegals, hired by the Lead member of the team and myself.  Our role was to plan and direct all stages of a project life cycle, from the beginning to completion, working closely with the members of the team and clients. We were proud to offer a top notch fully customizable service at a minimum cost for our clients. I have learned the value of team work, time management and dedication. I worked along with professionals from Italy, Romania, Poland, France, Switzerland and UK. 
Evia-Sib, Romania 2000-2002
In-house Legal Counsel; provided general legal assistance to the board of directors regarding commercial contracts, shipping agreements, tax counselling, and employment related issues.
Represented the company in various litigation issues.
Valcea City Council, Romania- Legal department Law Clerk, 1996-1998
Researched employment issues and drafted legal memoranda on Romanian Right to work Act; document production and record management; prepared deposition summaries.



SKILLS:

Microsoft Office Suite, IOS, ACT, Sales Force Automation, ProWhatch Software (CCTV), C*Cure, PeopleSoft, LexisNexis, Westlaw, Project Management, Financial and Administrative skills, CPR, AED, First Aid Certified, Division of work, Leadership, Persuasion, Communication, Empathy. Expert OSHA, FLSA, FMLA, NLRA.	
HONORS and ACTIVITIES:

Certificate of Academic Standing issued by BRITISH LAW SOCIETY on 09-20-2006;
Member of American Society for Industrial Security (ASIS International).

OTHER:


Fluent in Romanian
Italian and 
French
Enjoy literature &amp; Soccer.































  
    accountant
  
  
    Administrative skills
  
  
    Approach
  
  
    Automation
  
  
    C
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Council
  
  
    counselling
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    client
    clients
    client management and liaison
  
  
    directing
  
  
    English
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    First Aid
  
  
    frame
  
  
    French
  
  
    Italian
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Law
    Legal
    legal
  
  
    litigation
  
  
    Acces
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    Office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    Persuasion
  
  
    Police
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality management
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    research
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    Romanian
  
  
    selling
    Sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    tax
  
  
    team work
  
  
    time management
  
  
    Westlaw
  
  
    author
  


