
STEPHANIE MEANS
344 Summer Bend Rd., Columbia, SC 29223
Work: 803-647-2964, Cell: 803-466-5093, Residence: 803-708-1729
stephaniemeansbusiness@yahoo.com

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE:
Seeking professional and challenging opportunity with long term stability and advancement potential

EDUCATION 
MA, Educational Studies, Minor Mathematics, Western Governors University, January 2011 (3.0 GPA))
BS, Business Administration, Major Management, Hawaii Pacific University, December 2003 (3.9 GPA)

EMPLOYMENT 
Veteran Service Representative, Compensation and Pension
Interview veterans and representatives regarding VA benefits, entitlements and eligibility.
Conduct quality assurance reviews, and assists peers and management.
Input data into electronic data processing systems for claims adjudication, monitoring, and correspondence preparation. Develop for overpayments, resulting in debts.
Prepare correspondence to private, state and federal agencies to request service, medical and treatment records.
Request medical examinations for claimed conditions. Verify appropriate documentation and files are attached and forwarded, when applicable.
Prepare written communication to inform claimants of decisions, reasons and bases, appellate rights, and evidence requirements.
Exercise sound judgment in applying state and federal laws, regulations, policies and procedures to ensure accurate ant timely decisions on compensation and pension benefit claims.
Veteran Service Representative, Education
Serve as subject matter expert for education payment processing. 
Conduct training and mentor newly assigned personnel, and assist team members in daily processing.
Maintain quality and timeliness claims processing, and systems compliance with all computer applications.
Utilize imaging technology to view and process documents, and electronically insert documents and files on local and network drives, from internal and external sources.
Utilize tools and tables to calculate data to determine payment or overpayment. Process payments to or collect debts from claimant or educational institutions.

Richland School District I, August 2007 - June 2010
Algebra Teacher, CA Johnson High School 
Develop lesson plans, instructional materials, and assessments, in accordance with district, state and national curriculum and standards. Develop training guidelines, training aids, and study guides.
Utilize various instructional methods, to include Computer Based Programs, virtual and hands-on manipulatives,  and cooperative and collaborative grouping. Facilitate training and instruction.
Present instructional lessons using Power Point, white board, and other computer based instruction.
Maintain safe and motivated student-centered learning environment, conducive to learning.
Knowledge of methods and principles of numbers, their operations and interrelationships. Knowledge of methods of computer operation including software applications used to process, store and tabulate information and data. 

Head Volleyball Coach, CA Johnson High School
Assistant Basketball Coach, WA Perry Middle School
Teach, develop and conduct training and practice sessions to prepare student-athletes for competition.
Subject matter expert on sport rules, strategies and techniques.
Maintain supplies, uniforms and equipment, reserve facilities, schedule practices, coordinate with Athletic Director regarding games and transportation. Conduct fundraising activities.
Monitor grades to ensure student-athletes comply with rules and regulations, and maintain required grade point average.

SC Department of Education, February 2007 - July 2009
Office Manager, Office of School Leadership
Analyze and manage institutional budget, accounts and fiscal records. Submit budget summaries to upper management and headquarters.
Assist in the allocation of financial resources. Distribute funds and resources among organizational programs and departments. Propose funding initiatives.
Compose and submit operational and financial proposals that outline organizational programs.
Monitor and review financial transactions. Supervise and direct staff in their day-to-day operations.
Coordinate maintenance contracts, procurement activities and purchase orders. Maintain procurement and travel cards. Coordinate travel with travel agency and finance.
Manage Microsoft Outlook and Google Calendars. Conduct planning, training and scheduling in accordance with organizational calendars. Maintain suspense dates.
Compose correspondence, reports and proposals.  Proofread and edit all referenced written materials.
Conduct administrative, human resource, and accounting functions to include typing, filing, correspondence, bookkeeping, data entry, payroll, and performance management and evaluation.
Knowledge of principles and processes in business and organizational planning, coordination and execution. Knowledge of economic and accounting practices, and analysis and reporting of financial data.
Interpret and apply organizational rules and regulations in accordance to South Carolina Department of Education.
Information Specialist, Educator Certification
Communicate with current and future educators by fax, email, telephone and in person regarding teacher certification and training.
Utilize computer applications and database to analyze and evaluate certification status.
Address inquiries, compose correspondence, and monitor multi-line telephone system.
Coordinate with Certification Analyst and educational institutions.

Transportation Security Officer, Transportation Security Administration, August 2006 - June 2007
Implement security screening procedures and enforce laws and policies on personnel traveling by aircraft, in accordance with the Transportation Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security.
Conduct inspections on personnel, baggage and cargo using security screening equipment.
Monitor flow of passengers through checkpoints to facilitate orderly and efficient processing.

Business Manager, Goodman Correctional Institution, August 2005 - August 2006
Manage institutional budget, accounts and fiscal records.
Manage procurement planning and acquisitions. Solicit bids to obtain the most cost effective purchases.  Conduct cost and risk analysis.
Utilize purchasing and contracting methods to procure products and services, or prepare contracts or agreements. Coordinate maintenance contracts, process requisitions and purchase orders through Finance. 
Obtain request and order monthly supplies. Coordinate with external vendors and Finance to schedule bi-monthly meals. Schedule delivery and pick-ups with vendors.
Serve as Canteen Manager, which includes recruiting, training and managing inmates. Order weekly supplies and conduct daily and  monthly audits. 
Establish and improve communications. Investigate and negotiate conflict resolution.
Receive work release inmate funds, maintain accounts, issue money, and make deposits.
Conduct administrative, human resource, and accounting functions to include typing, filing, correspondence, bookkeeping, data entry, and payroll.
Interpret and apply organizational rules and regulations in accordance to South Carolina Department of Corrections.

Military Intelligence Analyst, United States Army, January 1990 - July 2005
Develop and implement personnel, physical, information and operational security programs. Develop policies for the protection of sensitive and classified resources and operations.
Develop employee training, policy manuals, and presentations for executive meetings and briefings.
Conduct fact finding analysis and evaluate internal controls improving overall effectiveness of operations.  Identify discrepancies in operations and develop recommendations to eliminate concerns. 
Conduct physical security inspections of installation offices, buildings, weapons, aircraft, vehicles, equipment and classified resources. Report findings and recommendations to chain of command.
Responsible for accountability and security of the Brigade's assets in excess of  $10,000,000.
Responsible for installation security at battalion and brigade levels to include physical, personnel, information and information systems security.
Supervise and coordinate the analysis, processing and distribution of strategically and tactical intelligence.
Interview personnel and collect and analyze information to determine eligibility for security clearance.
Coordinate travel issues to include travel documentation, passports and visas, overseas travel, and security clearance requirements.
Coordinate operating requirements of subordinate units with major supported units. Facilitate taskings from DA to major commands, then to subordinate commands.
Conduct personnel evaluations. Recommend personnel and process documents for awards and medals. 
Responsible for the health, welfare and morale of soldiers; remedial and primary instruction; and successful completion of required training objectives. 
Areas of special emphasis include Physical Security and Force Protection Noncommissioned Officer In Charge (NCOIC, and Company Command Inspection Programs. 
Appointed duties include Squad Leader, Platoon Sergeant, Section Sergeant, Acting First Sergeant, Physical Security, Force Protection, Key Control, Crime Prevention, Information Security, and Information Systems Security Noncommissioned Officer (NCO).
Serve as Battalion Alcohol and Drug Awareness Prevention Officer. Conduct mandatory training, and scheduled and unscheduled drug screenings. Report findings and recommendations to chain of command.
Serve as Brigade Equal Opportunity Leader. Conduct mandatory diversity and awareness training. Investigate complaints and allegations of harassment and discrimination. Facilitate alternative dispute resolution, report findings, and recommend course of action to upper echelon. 
Serve as Drill Sergeant, Military Police, and Communications Systems Operator. 
Interpret and apply Department of Defense (DOD), Department of the Army (DOA), Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ), and other Federal agencies regulations and procedures. 
Knowledge of Department of Finance and Accounting Service (DFAS), and the Defense Travel System (DTS) policy and procedures.

CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING
Department of Veteran Affairs Legal Instruments Examiner Course, May 2011
Department of Veteran Affairs Veteran Service Representative Course, January 2011
Department of Veteran Affairs Education Benefits Course, October 2009
South Carolina Department of Corrections Basic Correctional Officer Course, November 2005
Department of Defense Security Specialist Course, September 2004
Department of the Army Equal Opportunity Leader Course, August 2004
Department of the Army Basic Noncommissioned Officer Course, August 2002
Department of the Army Basic Drug &amp; Alcohol Drug Coordinators Course, January 2002
Department of the Army Military Intelligence Course, October 2000
Department of the Army Drill Sergeant Course, September 1997
Department of the Army Military Police Course, October 1995
Department of the Army Mobile Subscriber Equipment Transmission Systems Operator Course, September 1990

SECURITY CLEARANCES HELD
Top Secret, SCI 
Secret

REFERENCES: Available upon request  
Means, Page 2 of 3








  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    acquisitions
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    ant
  
  
    Army
  
  
    agency
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    bookkeeping
  
  
    budget
  
  
    bi
  
  
    computer applications
  
  
    conflict resolution
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    counseling
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    data processing
  
  
    DTS
  
  
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    edit
  
  
    Educator
  
  
    email
  
  
    fax
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Finance
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    fundraising
  
  
    funds
  
  
    human resource
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    Information Security
  
  
    Information Systems
    information systems
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mentor
  
  
    money
  
  
    Microsoft Outlook
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    2000
  
  
    weapons
  
  
    multi-line telephone
  
  
    network
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    performance management
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pick
  
  
    Police
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    risk analysis
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    security clearance
  
  
    sound
  
  
    tables
  
  
    teacher
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    employee training
  
  
    Transmission
  
  
    Transportation
    transportation
  
  
    typing
  
  
    view
  
  
    written
    written communication
  


