
                               CYNTHIA A. GARFOLD
                                438 Hershey Road
                              PITTSBURGH, PA 15235
                                  412-915-5534


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

McKinney Properties, Inc                            Wilkinsburg, PA
      Director of Information Technology 2004-2011
      Responsible for Corporate Office and 15 remote sites. Windows 2003
      Server and Exchange. SQL Server 2000 and 2005 experience. Responsible
      for telecommunications including VOIP, Blackberry, remote access and VPN
      access of users. Outlook RDC over Http configurations for remote users.
      Manage software and hardware deployment and PC repairs. Manage Network
      Security and develop policies and procedures for IT issues such as
      disaster recovery and internet use. Duties included daily operational
      issues such as break/fix and network administration

The PC &amp; LAN Help Desk Pittsburgh, PA
      Network Engineer 1997-2004
      Responsible for design, installation and management of Novell and
      Windows NT networks. Extensive knowledge with Cisco and Extreme
      Switches. Served as project manager on critical projects dealing with
      security and forensic technology. Duties included systems analysis,
      application integration, network design and engineering. Installed and
      configured Cisco products for Firewalls and VPN's. Performed security
      analysis and developed security policies and procedures.
Franklin Regional School District                    Murrysville, PA
      Network Engineer 1997-2001
      Responsible for design, installation and management of Novell and
      Windows NT networks. Extensive knowledge with Cisco and Extreme
      Switches. Served as project manager on critical projects. Duties
      included systems analysis, application integration, network design and
      engineering. Installed and configured Cisco products for Firewalls and
      VPN's. Performed security analysis and developed security policies and
      procedures.

University of Pittsburgh Medical Center        Pittsburgh, PA
      Consultant 1996-1997
      Project leader for the installation of Windows NT Server and Desktops
      for Orthopedic Division. Responsible for conversion from Novell 3.12 to
      Windows NT 4.0. Created standard desktop requirements.
      Also responsible for installing and configuring desktops for new medical
      sites.
      Responsibilities also included end-user support for multi-platform
      sites. Support included Windows 3.1, OS/2 Warp 4, Windows for
      Workgroups, Windows 95 and Windows NT desktop 3.51 and 4.0
      Provided terminal emulation using LAN Workplace, PCTCP, ONNET, Smarterm,
      and Attachmate for mainframe connectivity.

Mellon Bank             Pittsburgh, PA 15219
      Consultant 1996
      Project leader for the installation of Windows NT desktops for the
      Equity Trading Desk. Project involved setting up the NT workstations for
      connectivity to a Novell 3.12 server for resources such as printing,
      Msmail, and internet services while running applications from their
      local drive that accessed Stock Market services. The project was
      designed to allow for no down time during critical trading hours.
      LAN Administrator for Novell 3.12 servers and Windows 3.1 and N/T
      desktops. Responsible for maintaining and upgrading file servers -
      hardware and software. Responsible for documenting all facets of network
      structures. Troubleshoot network problems for LAN and mainframe
      connectivity up to and including end-user problems.

PNC Corp.               Pittsburgh, PA 15219
      Consultant 1996
      LAN Administrator for OS/2 clients and LanServer 4.0 Network.
      Responsible for adding users, setting up print queues, setting limits
      for users home directories and creating batch programs using REXX
      programming language.
      Other administrator duties as needed.

Westinghouse Corp.      Pittsburgh, PA 15222
      Consultant 1996
      Support for relocation of network file servers and users from Energy
      Center to Headquarters. Duties included defining client data profiles
      and developing network strategies to move users and equipment in a
      timely and efficient manner with minimum disruption of service.
Aluminum Company of America Corp.(ALCOA)    Pittsburgh, PA 15219
      Consultant 1995
      Solely responsible for installing and configuring a 25-node
      LAN for ALCOA Foundation and updating NetWare from 3.11 to
      3.12. Installed the newest drivers for system and also installed the
      newest NLM's for NetWare. Migrated the data and bindery information
      using the Migrate utility.
      Also responsible for Network Administration for the other
      networks that are installed in ALCOA. This includes installing new
      users and monitoring file and directory rights, setting up groups and
      monitoring trustees.
      Also responsible for setting up print servers and installing
      Jet Direct boards.
      Responsible for installing CC:Mail on local and remote users computers.
      Helped in troubleshooting corrupt post offices and performed automatic
      updates.

PPG Industries     Pittsburgh, PA 15272
      Consultant 1995
      Duties included support for Novell network and Microsoft Office
      products. Currently PPG is using Ethernet connectivity and IPXODI
      and TCP/IP. Responsibilities include troubleshooting hardware, software
      LAN and WAN problems as they arise. Talk end-user through recommended
      fixes and where applicable provide person-to-person support.
      Microsoft Office Suite, Windows 3.11, Novell 3.12 &amp; 4.x.
      Network support includes adding and maintaining users, creating login
      scripts, maintaining security, configuring printers and other related
      LAN administration duties. We are currently upgrading to NetWare 4.12
      and administration duties are being done through 4.12 utilities.
      Configured laptops for users that access the network remotely.
      Installed and configured Ethernet PCMCIA cards and related software for
      national and international communications.
      Maintained network mail system for local and remote users.
      Support users with access to Internet. Instruct them on the use of WEB
      Browser and FTP sites along with suggesting Usenet groups that deal
      with their interests.

CENTER FOR ORGAN RECOVERY AND EDUCATION        Pittsburgh, PA
      Information Systems Manager 1994-1995
      Duties include installing and administering Novell Network. This
      includes adding, deleting, and maintaining user accounts. Maintaining
      security for users, groups, and individual files and directories.
      Configuring server and workstation shell with appropriate software.
      Creating and maintain a print server along with configuring each
      printer assigned to the print server. Installing and configuring NIC
      card for file server and workstations. Installed and maintained a back-
      up procedure for the file server. Also responsible for upgrading
      software from 3.11 to 3.12. Workstations run on DOS and OS/2 .
      Responsible for updating and maintaining their organ procurement system
      which is written in Paradox ObjectPAL 4.5.
      Developed training manuals and classes for end users with various
      expertise levels in the use of word processing and spreadsheet programs
      as well as certain programming procedures.

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, DEPT. OF TRANSPORTATION   Pittsburgh, PA
      Computer Systems Analyst II 1990 - 1994
      Duties include setting up PC's on construction sites to account for the
      expenditure of public funds. Troubleshoot problems in the CDS software
      Dbase IV).
      Analyze office procedures to determine automated feasibility.
      Design automated systems for procedures currently being done manually.
     Analyze construction schedules for cash flow purposes and payments to
     the contractors.
     Installed and maintained 3270 emulation software to provide a gateway
     to the IBM mainframe for networking purposes. Installed and
     configured workstations and printers for local area network.(OS/2 -
     Lanserver 3.x and Novell 3.12)
     Maintained and configured 3270 controllers being used as a gateway to
     IBM mainframe.
     Created and maintained user accounts on network. Created and maintained
     groups and individual security measures for directories and files.
     maintained printer and queues for direct or remote printing.
     Installed and configured workstations to access network resources
     including but not limited to actual wiring of the workstation site.
     Programming for microcomputers and provides expertise and guidance for
     others writing microcomputer programs.
     Design training manuals and user manuals for in-house software
     packages.
     Coordinate the integration of software systems within the district
     office.
     Set up training seminars for use of WordPerfect, CDS, DOS and other
     software packages.
     Used SAS/ISPF programming to Query Reports in RMDS and JCL to run on-
     line or Batch. Used DB2/QMF/SQL for adhoc reports dealing with payroll,
     contract status, etc.

SELECTIVE SOFTWARE INC.    North Hills, PA
      Consultant 1988 - 1990
      Duties included setting up Novell networks and trouble shooting
      hardware problems as they arise. This included but is not limited to
      creating and maintaining users, maintain security and regulating access
      to directories and files. Creating groups for streamlining of network
      administration. Creating and configuring print queues for network
      users.


EDUCATION

     B.S.B.A. Computer Information Science and Finance (1991)
     Robert Morris College, Pittsburgh PA

     Community Emergency Response Team Trainer
     Allegheny County Fire Academy (2004)

     Amateur Radio Operator ( Extra License) (2005)
     Certified Search and Rescue Specialist
     PA DCNR (2001)

     ICS 100, 200, 300, 700 and 800 courses
     (FEMA)



  
    approach
  
  
    art
  
  
    as set
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    communication skills
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Dbase IV
  
  
    Desktops
    desktops
  
  
    Direction
  
  
    disaster planning
  
  
    disaster recovery
    Disaster
      Recovery
  
  
    DOS
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    Equity
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    file servers
  
  
    Firewalls
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    funds
  
  
    gateway
  
  
    GIS
  
  
    Http
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IBM mainframe
  
  
    internet services
  
  
    ISPF
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    local area network
    LAN
  
  
    LAN administration
  
  
    laptops
  
  
    law enforcement
  
  
    CC:Mail
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    Market
  
  
    mentor
  
  
    microcomputers
  
  
    access
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Msmail
    mail
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    Office
    Microsoft Office
      products
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows 3.1
  
  
    Windows 3.11
    3.11
  
  
    3.x
  
  
    Windows 95
  
  
    Windows NT Server
    NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Windows NT 4.0
  
  
    Network Administration
    network administration
    network
      administration
  
  
    network design and engineering
    network design and
      engineering
  
  
    Network
      Security
  
  
    Network support
  
  
    Network
    network
    networking
    networks
  
  
    NIC
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    NetWare 4.12
    NetWare
  
  
    Novell 3.12
  
  
    Novell networks
    Novell Network
    Novell network
  
  
    ObjectPAL 4.5
  
  
    OS/2
    OS/2 Warp 4
  
  
    Paradox
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    PC's
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    print servers
  
  
    printer
    printers
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    Project leader
  
  
    QMF
  
  
    Radio
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    Research
  
  
    REXX
  
  
    safety
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    security analysis
    security
      analysis
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    servers
  
  
    shell
    scripts
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    Switches
  
  
    systems analysis
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    user support
  
  
    user manuals
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    Trainer
  
  
    training manuals
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    trouble shooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrading
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    VOIP
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    Windows for
      Workgroups
  
  
    wiring
  
  
    word processing
  
  
    WordPerfect
  
  
    written
  


