
Athena Humeniuk
1502 Mayruth Drive
Durham, NC 27713
919-943-8492
Ahumeniuk1@hotmail.com

Objective:
To obtain a position as a receptionist or customer service representative in which my customer service, clerical, cash-handling and computer office skills will contribute to greater store efficiency and productivity.

Summary of Qualifications:
More than 6 years of related experience. Familiar with various software including Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. The ability to type 45 CWPM. People oriented with excellent interpersonal skills and oral and written communication skills. Hardworking, energetic, and reliable; recognized for assuming additional responsibilities and for not calling out. Nominated Customer Service Captain of Branch due to perfect customer survey shops.

Professional Experience:
Administrative Assistant, July 2008- October 2008, BBH Media/Staffmark, Raleigh, NC
Responsibilities included managing day-to-day office operations for owner and managers. Was one of two points of contact for 6 executives. Duties included answering phones, schedule meetings and maintain calendars using Outlook, processing invoices and light data entry. Provided clerical support in areas of file maintenance and preparation/processing of sensitive documentation and typing correspondence.

Cash Office Manager and Office Associate, May 2000- May 2006, Kmart, Wall, NJ
Responsible for managing all store currency. Balancing Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable. Counting and balancing all cashier drawers and handling sensitive information. Preparing bank deposits and assisting with office work. General office duties such as routing all mail, faxes, and phone calls. Verified and processed invoices for merchandise received. Created and maintained accurate filing system. 

Education
03/09 - 01/11 University of Phoenix
	Associate of Arts in Elementary Education
	GPA: 3.4/4.0
02/07- 05/07 Coastal Carolina Community College through USMC
	Certificate in Developing Office Skills
11/2004 - 05/06 Stratford Career Institute
Certification in Medical Office Assisting



  
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    Accounts Receivable
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    cashier
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    copying
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    faxes
    faxing
  
  
    filing
  
  
    General office duties
  
  
    managing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Office Skills
  
  
    routing
  
  
    answering phones
    phone
  
  
    typing
  


