
Robin Joy
1411 Noe Street, San Francisco, CA  94131  415-613-5444  robinjoy99@yahoo.com


PROFILE

Dynamic marketing executive with over 14 years experience delivering positive results for top-tier consumer packaged goods and leading-edge technology companies.  Strengths include clear strategic thinking, excellent creative judgment, outstanding program execution and strong leadership of marketing teams.


EXPERIENCE

Digeo, formerly Moxi Digital	Palo Alto, CA
Director of Marketing, 2001 - 2003
Built marketing function at prominent start-up.  Led marketing strategy from product genesis to launch of  Moxi Media Center, an integrated digital video recorder and cable set-top box.  Funded by Paul Allen's  Vulcan Ventures.  Reported to Chief Operating Officer.
*  Awarded Best of Show at 2002 Consumer Electronics Show.  Launch generated over 150 stories            in print, radio, TV and online.  Time wrote: "Moxi is a set-top box that's got it all."
*  Created entirely new brand - Moxi - from naming and trademarks to positioning and visual identity.
*  Conducted usability tests, focus groups and pricing research to refine product and positioning.
*  Developed trial plan and user documents.  Directed feedback collection and communication.
*  Oversaw design, architecture and content of Moxi and Digeo websites, as well as corporate Intranet.
*  Managed tradeshows and events, working with strategic partners EchoStar, Charter and Motorola.
*  Produced infomercial, product demos and presentations to support sales to cable operators.

AltaVista Company, purchased by Overture in 2003, Yahoo purchased Overture later in 2003	Palo Alto, CA
Director, Marketing and Advertising, 1999 - 2001
Developed brand strategy, advertising and promotions for top 10 Internet company.  Managed team of 9    and $100 million marketing budget.  Grew U.S. unique users by 86% in 12 months to 19 million.
* Created $40 million TV, print and radio ad campaign.  Led agency review and selection process.  Awarded Cannes Golden Lion, Kelly Award and Adweek's Best Spots of the 1990s.  
* Oversaw online ad planning, buying and optimization.  Generated 6.3 million users in six-week campaign with 50 creative units running on over 30 sites and networks.   
* Developed online promotions to obtain registered AltaVista members.  Acquired 300,000 new   members in two months at cost of $9/member. 
* Managed global brand identity.  Worked with agency to create new logo and collateral.   
* Supervised tradeshows, sales materials and advertising for enterprise software group.
* Managed distribution deals and affiliate program to maximize cost-effective traffic.



Odwalla, Inc., purchased by Coca-Cola in 2001	Half Moon Bay, CA
Director of Marketing, 1996 - 1999
Led team of 12 in brand management, creative services, regional marketing and market research for          $60 million food and beverage business.  Managed $3 million budget.  Reported to CEO.
* Developed and executed communications strategy during 1996 product recall.  Built sales back from $300K to $1.5 million/week.  Awarded PR Society's Silver Anvil for crisis management. 
* Oversaw new product development.  Launched five new beverages in two years contributing over $6 million annually.  Expanded into food bar category with creation of Odwalla Bars.   Grew seasonal products program from 5% to 14% of sales.
* Created Odwalla's first radio, print and outdoor advertising. 
* Managed regional marketing team to establish local presence through event marketing, in-store tastings and community initiatives.  Reduced sampling costs by 80%.
* Planned entry into Midwest and Mid-Atlantic markets.  Gained 250,000 consumers in 6 months.
* Produced consumer and trade promotions, including coupons, direct mail and point-of-sale.  Increased sales by 150% during promotions.

The Clorox Company	Oakland, CA
Customer Marketing Manager, 1995 - 1996
Developed trade marketing strategies for $200 million Hidden Valley salad dressing business.  Served as liaison to 17 Region Sales Managers, making sales calls and customizing account plans. 
* Designed category management program to grow $1.7 billion salad dressing category:
Created assortment model to simplify buyers' decisions in cluttered category of over 3000 items
Trained Clorox sales management and broker sales force on program strategies and tactics
* Led $2 million defensive initiative to combat major competitive launch, successfully maintaining market share through aggressive merchandising and promotions.

Associate Marketing Manager, 1994 - 1995
Created marketing programs and new products to grow Hidden Valley salad dressing business.  Managed $72 million budget.  
* Opened new distribution channel through creation of co-branded salad kits: negotiated contract with Fresh Express, analyzed costs, set pricing, designed packaging.
* Launched two new flavors: conducted market research including concept screens and in-home use tests, created print advertising and promotion plan.

Mercer Management Consulting, formerly Strategic Planning Associates	Washington, DC
Research Analyst, 1988 - 1991
Analyzed complex business issues and developed strategies, focused on marketing, strategy and operations.
* Created business plan for transportation provider's expansion into logistic services.
* Developed strategy to expand customer base and increase sales for national trucking company.
* Established pricing strategy for fast-food chain based on regional competitive environments.
* Performed financial and market analysis of European publishing firm's acquisition targets.

EDUCATION

Stanford Graduate School of Business	Stanford, CA
Master of Business Administration degree, 1994
Selected to attend Japanese management program sponsored by Nippon Life Insurance	Tokyo, Japan

University of Melbourne	Melbourne, Australia
Master of Arts degree with Honors, Women's Studies, 1992
Awarded Rotary Foundation Scholarship
Taught American Foreign Policy to undergraduates

Dartmouth College	Hanover, NH
Bachelor of Arts degree, cum laude, Government major, 1988
London School of Economics, Fall 1986	London, England
L'Universit&#233; de Toulouse, Winter 1986	Toulouse, France



  
    ad
    advertising
  
  
    Anvil
  
  
    agency
  
  
    brand strategy
    brand identity
    brand management
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business plan
  
  
    cable
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    concept
  
  
    Consumer Electronics
  
  
    content
  
  
    crisis management
  
  
    digital video
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    direct marketing
  
  
    fast
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    General Manager
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Japanese
  
  
    logo
  
  
    market analysis
  
  
    marketing strategies
    marketing strategy
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    networks
  
  
    new product development
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    PR
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    print advertising
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    Express
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    radio
  
  
    research
  
  
    retail
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    sales management
  
  
    stories
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    phone
  
  
    TV
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    unique
  
  
    websites
  


