
	 Kevin O. Barlow

Kevin O. Barlow
117 Elm Park
Pleasant Ridge, Michigan 48069
C#313-268-5283 H#248-547-3391
Kevinbarlow@sbcglobal.net


Skill Set:
Strategic Planning, Budget Management and Forecasting
Strategic Marketing and Brand Management
B2B and B2C Revenue Development Programs 
Sports and Business Sponsorship Management
Establish and/or Manage Vendor and Partner Relationships 
Business Development, Sales and Staff Management
Experience:  

Comerica Bank 								1997 - 2009
National Director of Business Banking and Wealth and Institutional Management Marketing (2003 - 2009)
Managed the development of complex marketing strategies and programs in support of assigned target segments, products and initiatives. 
Worked collaboratively with product management or line of business to provide direction on new product ideas and develop marketing strategies as appropriate. 
Developed and managed innovative marketing strategies across multiple channels for current product suites in partnership with established line of businesses including: Middle Market, Treasury Management, International Trade Services, Health Care Services Captive Insurance, Personal Trust, Investments, Securities and Insurance.
Managed telemarketing group with focus on Middle Market customer acquisition resulting in over $300MM in new loans annually (2004 - 2008).
Managed direct mail campaigns that resulted in over $55MM in new loans and $30MM in deposits annually (2004 - 2008).
Introduced internal referral program designed to increase personal share of wallet of existing commercial relationships. Program resulted in over $90MM increase in assets under management.
Monitored and analyzed the competitive set as well as broader industry and social trends to gain further insights into consumer and business banking behaviors. Translated findings into product focused campaigns that resulted in over $60MM in deposit growth.
Developed and managed ongoing research programs focused on customer acquisition, retention and cross sell opportunities. Programs resulted in increased fee income as well as loan and deposit growth.
Management of internal graphics group and corporate library.
Managed overall budget of $13.5M for combined areas or responsibility.





Segment Manager and Trust Client Services Manager, Private Banking 
(2001 - 2003)
Managed trust group with eight administrators, 1,200 relationships, $300M in assets and $5.0M in annual fees.
Defined segment offerings, service level agreements and sales goals.

Team Leader, One Detroit Center (2000 - 2003)
Responsible for team sales goals for Business Development Officers, Private Lenders, Trust Administrators, Investment Officers and Personal Bankers.  
Managed a total of 32 team members generating $1.5M in trust fees and $25M in loans.
Coordinated training and integration of new hires to team.
Developed annual marketing calendar of client events and programs.

Product Manager, Private Banking (1997 - 2003)
Responsible nationally for developing and managing all Personal Trust, Private Lending and Investment Management products which included a trust portfolio of $15B and $1.5B in loans.
Responsible for developing, implementing and managing the Private Banking client website. 
Acted as division liaison for all technology related projects and represented the division on multiple corporate initiatives. 
Managed division incentive plans and Future Appointments Vault. 
Responsible for researching, implementing and managing an entry level, mutual fund product for emerging affluent target market. 

Michigan National Bank 			 					1986 - 1997
Product Manager II (1995 - 1997)
Product Manager for various products including: Retail and Wholesale Lockboxes, Controlled Disbursements, Cash Vault, Small Business and PC Banking.
Analyzed market and product line trends and participate in strategic planning of assigned products.
Identified pricing concerns and recommend pricing changes.
Developed, implemented and managed existing and new products aimed at expansion and retention of existing customer base.

Operations Supervisor I/II/III (1989 - 1995)
Oversaw daily processing for Retail and Wholesale Lockboxes.
Acted as department coordinator for software enhancements and hardware changes.
Coordinated new client implementations.
Created, revised and implemented policies and procedures.
Ensured that all internal and external audit requirements are met.
Ensured that quality standards and production deadlines are met or exceeded.		

Support Specialist, Item Processing (1986-1989) 

Education:	
B. A., University of Michigan, Dearborn, 1990 - Economics/History/Sociology
	







				



  
    advertising
  
  
    banking
    Banking
  
  
    branding
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Development
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    client
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    direction
  
  
    focus
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Investment Management
  
  
    Investments
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    market
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Product Manager
    product management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    researching
    research
  
  
    Retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Securities
  
  
    service level agreements
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    Treasury
  
  
    website
  


