
OBJECTIVE:

Seeking Sernior IT Position in San Francisco Bay Area in June-July 2012 timeframe. 

SUMMARY:

Client-driven, quality-focused Six-Sigma IT Professional with 12 years related experience. 6 years IT Consulting experience. 10 years military experience. 4 years Project Management experience. Specialty in Systems Analysis, Project Management, and Information Management. Additional competencies in Database Systems, Business Intelligence, and Technical Writing. Have graduate degrees in Business Administration, Information Systems, and Human Resources Management.

CORE SKILLS:

Systems Analysis, Business Analysis, Project Management, Information Management, Data Collection &amp; Analysis , Report Research &amp; Production, Technical Writing &amp; Communication, Method &amp; Process Development, Process Flow Diagramming &amp; Reengineering, Business Intelligence, Software Testing &amp; Troubleshooting, End-User Support &amp; Training, Foreign Language Translation

DESK INTELLIGENCE ANALYST. Conduct research, analysis of information and data for the production of reports and briefings for customers. Provide data/information collection, support, and coordination for customers. Analyze topics for customers to determine changes in capabilities, vulnerabilities, likely outcomes, and recommended courses of action. Conducted business research and analysis (data, finance, accounting, social network, and statistical) on assigned topics. Developed geographical maps, graphics, statistical charts and tables, spreadsheets, and link-charts for the production of information reports for customers. Conducted translation, editing, and sub-titling of foreign-language documents and videos for customers. Held the position of ACTING TEAM LEAD in Team Lead's absence. Managed resourcing for a team of nine analysts for intelligence production. 

2. FIELD INTELLIGENCE ANALYST. Researched raw data and information in foreign languages on the field, then translated, analyzed and produced reports for customers. Assisted customer in research, analysis, and drafting of agency-level assessment reports. Built geographic maps, graphics, tables, workflows, social network and other link analysis charts, for the production of field reports. Assisted customers in research, analysis, planning, and coordination of operations and training programs. Provided customers with intelligence coordination on joint projects with partners. Provide customers with scheduled and ad-hoc foreign language interpretation on joint-projects with partners. Provided computer software and hardware support and analysis on telecommunications and computer technology projects. Awarded certificate of appreciation for outstanding service in support to customer.

U.S.NAVY
Honolulu, HI |1/2009-3/2009 
DEPUTY PROJECT MANAGER

310 gary 584 8240
PROJECT MANAGEMENT: Supported Lead Project Manager and Project Team in planning, operations, and closing of Asia-Pacific Conference. Worked with project stakeholders to gather requirements, developed the project plan, schedule and budgets. Assisted Financial Manager in planning, estimating, and control of project budgets. Conducted research, documentation, and coordination for event transportation and logistics. Reviewed and recommended improvements to project status reports during project milestones. Prepared weekly project status reports for management. Developed spreadsheets to predict project cost estimates. Established project framework, processes, and procedures. Developed metrics to ensure project initiatives were on track. Provided computer software and hardware support to project team. Conducted project meetings at intervals throughout project implementation. Documented progress of implementation plan, tracking completed and outstanding issues and activities and provided timely reports to Lead Project Manager. Maintained project documentation to ensure archival of project information. Identified, analyzed and defined the risk and mitigation plans over the project lifecycle. Created, revised, and executed project work plans to meet changing needs and requirements of projects and events. Conducted ongoing evaluation of projects and make recommendations for improvements to Lead Project Manager. Worked with vendors for product selection and production processes. Resolved or escalated project issues to respective parties for resolution. Prepared business review presentations for project stakeholders. Prepared project status reports and proposals regarding project schedule and budget revisions.

U.S.NAVY
Tampa, FL | 12/2007-12/2008 
INFORMATION MANAGER TEAM LEAD

1. INFORMATION MANAGEMENT: Managed Information Management (IM) Team for 450 end-users. Administered MS-Sharepoint and managed postings, updates, and deletions of intelligence reports on this system for U.S. Government agencies. Also designed and developed pages in MS-Sharepoint designer. Supervised and trained five Information Management personnel. Implemented plans and process improvements. Managed and monitor metrics and reporting of operations. Provided recommendations to the customer on ongoing operations and staffing requirements. Developed Information Management agendas and initiatives for command requirements. Ensured development and submission of timely and accurate materials to management. Managed strategic and operational planning for program management, data processing, information collection and analysis.

2. SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT: Managed file review and transfer operations of information products between U.S. Government information security platforms. Collaborated with Information Assurance and Security Officers to determine releasability of products according to security classifications. Managed assignments in the review, application and maintenance of information management policies and procedures. Performed security, analyses and risk &amp; vulnerability assessments of information systems. Coordinated and maintained certification and accreditation status of staff. Evaluated information assurance technologies for application to information management projects and systems. Conducted scheduled and ad-hoc information systems security inspections. Lead implementation and coordination of Collaboration Tools project (Adobe Connect, Jabber, Ezenia InfoWorkspace) with partner commands. Managed, operated and maintained video projection system (Wall Control, VBrick) for intelligence command center.

3. PROJECT MANAGEMENT: Managed and scheduled all functional areas of Information Management projects and assignments. Briefed IM operations status updates to managers. Prepared and managed staff assignments and scheduling. Designed project critical paths, workflows, staff schedules, grids and program operations. Improved operational systems, processes and policies in support of program objectives. Improved Information Management operations through coordination and communication between technical support, hardware support, Knowledge Management, and end-users.

4. INFORMATION ASSURANCE: Interacted with data systems and test teams to coordinate system upgrades and test cycles. Provided guidance to end-users on destruction, reproduction, imaging, storage, processing dissemination and sanitization protocol of data media. identified and reported information system vulnerabilities to SSO and Information Assurance, and implemented countermeasures as directed.

U.S.NAVY
Honolulu, HI |7/2007-9/2007 
DEPUTY PROJECT MANAGER

PROJECT MANAGEMENT: Supported Lead Project Manager and Project Team in planning, operations, and closing of Asia-Pacific Conference. Worked with project stakeholders to gather requirements, developed the project plan, schedule and budgets. Assisted Financial Manager in planning, estimating, and control of project budgets. Conducted research, documentation, and coordination for event transportation and logistics. Reviewed and recommended improvements to project status reports during project milestones. Prepared weekly project status reports for management. Developed spreadsheets to predict project cost estimates. Established project framework, processes, and procedures. Developed metrics to ensure project initiatives were on track. Provided computer software and hardware support to project team. Conducted project meetings at intervals throughout project implementation. Documented progress of implementation plan tracking completed and outstanding issues and activities and provided timely reports to Lead Project Manager. Maintained project documentation to ensure archival of project information. Identified, analyzed and defined the risk and mitigation plans over the project lifecycle. Created, revised, and executed project work plans to meet changing needs and requirements of projects and events. Conducted ongoing evaluation of projects and make recommendations for improvements to Lead Project Manager. Worked with vendors for product selection and production processes. Resolved or escalated project issues to respective parties for resolution. Prepared business review presentations for project stakeholders. Prepared project status reports and proposals regarding project schedule and budget revisions.

ROBERT HALF TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
San Francisco, CA | 10/2006-7/2007 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANT

SYSTEM &amp; BUSINESS ANALYSIS: Supported Financial and Health Care enterprise software systems and users to increase operating efficiencies, enhance performance, and improve access to information for IT planning and decision-making. Analyzed workflows and business procedures to make recommendations for improved practices. Worked with clients and third-parties to streamline and automate business systems and processes. Provided recommendations for the design and modification of existing systems and databases to meet changing demands in conjunction with the IT Manager. Provided technical support to customer's internal applications, including resident management (Yardi 4.5 - 5.0), Health Care (InfoSys Home Care, Carevoyant), and Financial Planning (Microsoft Fx Forecaster). Maintained database files and tables used in the business functions of clients such as accounting, billing, human resources, and medical records including installation of patches provided by software application vendor in accordance with internal change control process. Developed customs reports used for managing the daily activities and yearly reporting requirement of the organization. Managed internal and external relationships with users, collecting their input and organizing and prioritizing to result in predictable outcomes. Analyzed and tested programs to increase operating efficiencies for enhance performance of the organization. Developed, designed, tested and implemented small to medium size software projects while working closely with various departments and user within the client's organization. Documented systems design specifications, test plans, and production support procedures for software and systems already in place or in the planning and implementation stages.

U.S. NAVY
Honolulu, HI | 5/2006-8/2006 
DEPUTY INFORMATION MANAGER OFFICER

1. INFORMATION &amp; SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT: Supported Information Management operations for staff and U.S. Government security compliance for computer and network operations. Managed IT projects, including writing and managing project plan of actions and milestones, briefing progress, metrics, recommendation reports, designing project workflows, and collaborating with project stakeholders to accomplish objectives. Researched, tested, and analyzed software systems to gather business requirements under information security orders (systems included MS-Windows Server 2000 MS-Exchange Server and Lotus Notes and Domino Server). Managed administration of disk space of system servers for end-users. Researched, tested, and analyzed MS-Windows and MS-Exchange Server, and developed plan of action to reallocate storage on server systems. Wrote technical instructions for end-users on archiving, disk space reduction, and performing diagnostics on disk space usage. Provided continuous technical support and troubleshooting until disk usage of users were reduced within safe limits, and technical issues were resolved. Coordinated staffing of on-site technical support staff to users and provided training and direct on-site support to users. Provided support on web technology (research, testing, and analysis reports for implementing Lesson-Learned Active Server Pages user feedback system). Collaborated with web technical development team. Developed user-feedback website with ASP/VBScript/JavaScript/Access.

2. INFORMATION ASSURANCE: Provided control over system configuration and ensure compliance with operational procedures. Assisted in the maintenance and promotion of information assurance policies and procedures at the customer location, and ensure compliance with established procedures. Supported users of information technology system through understanding and resolve problems to minimize service disruptions. Conducted system vulnerability assessments based on U.S. Government security testing methodologies and tools. Documented reported problems and followed-up with work orders to ensure timely resolution. Provided policy guidance to technical leads on destruction, reproduction, imaging, storage, processing dissemination and sanitization of computer hardware products and components. Supported software test events: performed system self-inspections; provided security coordination and review on all system test plans; and identified system vulnerabilities.

SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (SAIC) Honolulu, HI (12/2002-5/2006) 
SYSTEM ANALYST/DATA MANAGER

SYSTEM ANALYST/DATA MANAGEMENT. Provided support to customers on strategic planning, management, and execution of legacy computer software and hardware systems reduction in area of responsibility. Implemented Project Management tools to develop scheduling and Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) of project. Managed user profile and software systems inventory for approximately 2,000 computer workstations and computer hardware peripherals. Provided training and technical support to end-users on computer hardware and software asset management. Wrote SQL scripts and stored-procedures to automate routine processing and reporting of legacy systems datacase. Tested, troubleshooted, and quality-assured legacy software applications in Microsoft Windows 2000 for compliance with computer systems environment. Developed scheduler scripts and configured system environment. Wrote Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), technical support articles, technical user-manuals for application end-users and clients. Managed computer systems inventory and user to software application mapping for computer systems deployment. Canvassed and inventoried legacy systems using AutoCAD 2000.

SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (SAIC) 
Yokosuka, Japan | 5/2002-11/2002) 
ACTIVITY-BASED COSTING (ABC) ANALYST

ACTIVITY-BASED COSTING (ABC) ANALYSIS: Maintained data specifications extraction, quality-assurance, and transformation of transaction data from source systems. Developed ad-hoc specifications as new source systems were identified or legacy systems were replaced or upgraded. Assisted with building of COGNOS On-line Analytical Processing Tool (OLAP) cubes month-end for user access to the model results. Maintained standard report templates and designed new OLAP reporting templates. Developed custom reports for users and developed non-OLAP reports for extracting data for data calls or other management requirements. Developed IT tools and solutions to aid with data analysis. Developed and maintained activity and attribute dictionaries. Assisted in developing and maintaining ABC models. Performed ABC system updates including source data loads and user-defined changes, which included collecting pay, human resources, and financial source system data.

SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (SAIC) 
Pearl Harbor, HI | 4/2000-5/2002 
DATA WAREHOUSE SPECIALIST

DATABASE MANAGEMENT: Designed, developed and administered database applications in SQL Server and MS-Access (document management application, data reporting application, survey processing application, MAPI/SMTP file delivery application, and project management statistics querying application). Collaborated with software developers on the development of Active Server Pages reporting and knowledge base application. Administered and supported the development of enterprise web application, Project Request Management System (PRMS), coded in ASP, HTML, DHTML, VB-Script, and Java Script front-end, and MS-IIS 4.0 and MS-SQL Server back-end. Administered time-tracking application with Java, JSP, JDBC, and SQL Server. Reviewed IT project proposals and software applications from U.S. Government personnel and Commercial Vendors, and collaborated with Project Managers and Software Developers. Researched, analyzed, and determined feasibility of Commercial and Government produced software applications as business solutions for project requests. Collaborated with U.S. Government personnel to transform request into IT context and technical specifications within U.S. Government software and network security policy. Wrote technical evaluation reports for business stakeholders for their review and decision-making. Managed and analyzed data, and delivered metrics, situation and recommendation reports for customers.

INOVAWARE CORPORATION 
Honolulu, HI | 03/1999-2/2000 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER

SOFTWARE TECHNICAL SUPPORT. Provided technical support with proprietary application to include installation, configuration, and debugging. Proprietary application is Innovaware online billing software, and is in the following database environments: MS-Access 97-2000, MS-SQL 6.5 to 7.0, and Oracle 7.0-8i. and following server environment: MS-IIS 4.0 and Apache. Application support and troubleshooting was conducted via TCP/IP proxy. Main area of support and troubleshooting for this application was in Real-Time Systems (TCP/IP) as well as Dial-in Systems such as UUS4, RAS, FTP, Radius Server, and LDAP Server (MCIS). Installed, configured and backed-up Oracle 8 and MS-SQL 7.0 databases. Scripts used for systems installation and configurations were SQL and PERL. Wrote articles for ISP Power within MS-Windows NT framework. configured and networked client stations. scored 97.5/100 in last employee evaluation. and consistently scored the fastest average resolution per trouble ticket out of a staff of five.



  
    accounting
  
  
    Active Server Pages
  
  
    ABC
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    ad
  
  
    ANALYST
  
  
    Apache
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    asset management
  
  
    agency
  
  
    AutoCAD 2000
  
  
    automate
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    Business Analysis
  
  
    Business Intelligence
  
  
    business research
  
  
    business solutions
  
  
    business systems
  
  
    charts
  
  
    closing
  
  
    COGNOS
  
  
    computer hardware
    hardware
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    Data Collection
  
  
    data processing
  
  
    database applications
    databases
    database
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    document management
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    editing
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    finance
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    Financial Planning
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Government
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    hardware support
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    human resources
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    information security
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    MS-IIS 4.0
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    ISP
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScript
    Java Script
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Knowledge Management
  
  
    languages
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    TEAM LEAD
    Team Lead
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Domino
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    MAPI
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
    access
    MS-Access
  
  
    MS-Access 97
  
  
    MS-Exchange Server
  
  
    97
  
  
    MS-SQL 6.5
  
  
    MS-SQL 7.0
  
  
    MS-Windows
  
  
    2000
    Microsoft Windows 2000
  
  
    MS-Windows NT
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network security
  
  
    network
  
  
    OLAP
  
  
    Oracle 8
    Oracle 7.0-8i
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    PERL
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    predict
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Process Development
    processes
  
  
    program management
  
  
    progress
  
  
    PROJECT MANAGEMENT
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    proxy
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality-assurance
  
  
    RAS
  
  
    Real-Time
  
  
    Reengineering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
  
  
    SMTP
  
  
    Software Testing
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    MS-SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    systems design
  
  
    system configuration
  
  
    Systems Analysis
  
  
    SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT
  
  
    tables
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    User Support &amp; Training
  
  
    Technical Writing
    user-manuals
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    Translation
    translation
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    Troubleshooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    VBScript
    VB-Script
  
  
    video
  
  
    website
  
  
    web technology
  
  
    articles
  


