
 VALERIE WEBSTER
1505 Warfield Road * Annapolis, Maryland 21037 * (410) 798-8293 * vwebster@comcast.net
 
EXPERTISE
Seasoned project manager experienced in team leadership, supplier performance management, delivering complex enterprise business solutions and transformation initiatives.   Consistently delivering results achieved by effective problem solving and communications across senior management and project stakeholder organizations.  Successful experience in delivering technology transformation initiatives, developing project plans, business cases and statements of work utilizing industry best practices.  Industry specific experience includes: Finance, Telecommunications, Government, and Information Technology.  Managed software development teams and enterprise infrastructure implementation teams with project budgets of more than $50 million.  
 
Core professional competencies include: 
Project Management	Supplier Relationship Management 	

Executive Communications, Presentations, 
     Metrics	Service Level Management and Governance	

Risk Management and Control Implementation	Process and Procedure Implementation 	

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SPRINT-NEXTEL                                                                                                       2008 - 2010
Manager, Strategic Alliances
 
*      Represented Sprint on Microsoft and Cisco partner governance boards to develop and manage to: rules 
     of engagement, SLAs, revenue distribution models, application development, joint sales operations, and 
     executive communications.
Managed two Fortune 50 strategic partnerships with Microsoft, Cisco in an alliance business model to 
     share unique resources, relationships and capabilities in pursuit of a $1B market segment of an overall 
     $12B Infrastructure as a Service market.
Led Sprint contract negotiation team for alliance agreements with business partners that provided 
     exclusive opportunity with more than 100 new prospects where Sprint had little to no market 
     penetration.
*      Managed team to develop product marketing strategy that, incorporating a focus on vertical 
     differentiation, resulted in incremental sales of more than $5M that otherwise would not have been 
     possible.
*      Directed team of internal and partner resources to design, develop and implement a multi-state $15M 
     infrastructure project that resulted in a $6M/year cost savings
*      2009 Team Sprint Top Contributor Award for Technology Marketing Strategy plan
 
 
OPENET TELECOM LTD                                                                                               2007 - 2008
Director, Global Market Alliances
 
*      Developed strategies for addressing, through partnerships, the $2B lawful intercept and data storage 
     market generated by the European Union's Directive on Data Retention designed to support national 
     security efforts.
*      Negotiated partner agreements with Fortune 500 industry leaders as well as niche application companies 
     which resulted in $1.5M in custom development services sales and $1M in software sales.
*      Managed two Technical Business Development Managers, one for North America and one for Europe,
     the Middle East and Africa; both carried $10M revenue objectives.
*      Managed joint, Openet-Partner, development teams to develop application integration into the OSS/BSS 
     systems of major U.S. and European carriers such as AT&amp;T, Orange, British Telecom, Sprint.
 
SPRINT-NEXTEL	                                                                                                      2003 - 2007
Sales and Solutions Manager, Strategic Alliances
 
*      Represented Sprint on Northrop Grumman and EDS partner governance boards to develop and manage 
     to:  rules of engagement, SLAs, revenue distribution models, application development, joint sales 
     operations, and executive communications.
*      Responsible for program metrics design, development and reporting to executive management.  These 
     metrics allowed individual projects and the program in general to proceed on-target, within budget and 
     achieving goal profit margins of 20%+.
*      Managed a six-person alliance program team responsible for an annual objective of $15M whose 
     functions included: identifying revenue opportunities with marketing partners; developing complex 
     system design, pricing and presentation to executive decision makers; and directing joint solution 
     development projects 
*      Created a five-year plan to assemble a $100M portfolio of products and services developed jointly by 
     Sprint and the marketing partners: Northrop Grumman, IBM, HP, EDS, and Cisco.
*      Negotiated master and individual co-marketing agreements for projects with annualized threshold 
     revenue of more than $5M each.
Aggressively managed partnership profitability that resulted in gross sales of $75M over a five year 
     period.
Managed five consecutive quarters where my team took top honors for Strategic Alliance contribution in 
     terms of total number of projects closed and total revenue generated.
Alliance team Top Contributor Award: 2003 - 2005; Leadership Award 2005,2006
Served on Task Force On Innovative Strategies, 2006.
Awarded Sprint's Circle of Excellence, Sprint's highest level of award selecting the top 100 who have 
     generated the most revenue to the company in a single year.  My single year contribution was $25M.
 
 
EDUCATION
MA - English 
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN	BA - English
Salisbury University, Salisbury, MD		




  
    application development
  
  
    BSS
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Development
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    contract negotiation
  
  
    directing
  
  
    executive management
  
  
    focus
  
  
    HP
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Information Security
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Legal
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    Marketing Strategy
  
  
    marketing
    market
    product marketing
  
  
    OSS
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Procurement
  
  
    profit
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Risk Assessment
    risk assessment
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    Strategic Alliances
  
  
    system design
  
  
    Telecom
  
  
    unique
  


