
JULIE MALONE
3450 E. County Line Road, Apt. 13, Highlands Ranch, CO 80126   
720-354-1192 (cell)   *   jmalone4409@yahoo.com 


EDUCATION:

M.A.S.	2011-2012	University of Denver, Denver, CO 
				(Environmental Policy and Management: Energy and Sustainability) 	
				(GPA 3.95)
				Focus research: 
	Sustainable Transportation
	Environmental Foundations and Principles
	Environmental Finance and Economics
	Environmental Protection Law
	Integrated Environmental Systems
	Energy Fundamentals
	Sustainability Policy &amp; Practice
	Renewable Energy 
	Water and Food Sustainability 
	Green Building
	
B.S.	2005-2009	University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ 
				(Business, emphasis in Organizational Innovation)
			Graduated with Honors)
	Focus research:	
	Innovation, Design, and Creativity for a Competitive Advantage
	The Innovative Organization
	Knowledge Management and Intellectual Capital
	Organizational Innovation Integrated Project
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

The Chantelle Princeton Estate
Estate Manager/Personal Representative, Oregon, 3/2009 - 3/2011
Monitor and oversee household bank accounts for the estate.
Meet with professionals involved in the estate: lawyer, tax accountants and banks
Handled disbursement of payment to creditors
Handle procedures for disbursement estate
Coordinate, plan, manage, and distribute Chantelle Princeton's affairs, expenses, and personal property. 

Siemens IT Solutions, Tigard, OR 3/2007 - 10/2008
Reporting Coordinator 
Assist Daimler North America (client) with technical needs.
Collaborated with programming team to create a flow-through prototype to test the process of a new ticketing system based on the specifications provided by customer, project manager, and technical team inputs. 
Track test plan of ticketing system for completion, monitor matrix to identify any issues, risks and develop plans for risk mitigation of lost data.       
Assist with the design and implementation of a remote training process for remote workers using the prototype ticketing system, converting from one system to another. 
Conduct surveys, interviews, document collection, and information tracking to gather technical information from desktop support and remote help desk to identify any issues during the conversion.
Create procedures and continuously update an internal knowledgebase (SharePoint) for cross-training and sharing information for a change management plan. 
Trend analysis measuring performance to gauge ticket closure time of new and current technicians, conduct additional supporting research and provide feedback on findings to project managers. 
Liaison between deskside support, service desk, call coordinators, and regional managers to diagnose issues with ticket escalations, prioritizing, auditing, re-routing to increase quality improvement and customer satisfaction, and adjusting the change-management plan when needed.
Audit and analyze database reports for discrepancies such as misroutes, escalations, or delays to address improvement opportunities.
Participate in training and development for help desk agents in problem-solving, strategic process and development, special projects, team management, planning, and design methodologies.

Call Coordinator
Assist Daimler North America (client) with technical needs.
Level II help desk support/bridge between service desk and desktop in migration process.
Monitor, swivel, and resolve tickets integrated from Clarify to Remedy Ticketing System during migration.
Audit and inspect trouble tickets for accuracy, verification to establish and maintain Service Level Agreements (SLA) ensuring company reaches compliance.

Help Desk Agent I
Part of transition team to assist Daimler North America (client) with technical needs. 
Update and edit user account profiles. 
Install/test various software programs for the client remotely.
Handle calls, emails, and voice mail issues from users nationwide.
Remote into user's computer to assist with issues using Hyena and RC Connect.
Assist with creating Clarify database and swivel tickets from Clarify to Remedy Ticketing System.
Escalation point between level 1 and 2 service desk and Daimler North America.
Install/test software programs via remote: SQL, MS Office, DB2 Connect, Lotus Notes, etc.
Technology used:  Apropos, Remedy, Clarify, MS Outlook, Lotus Notes, Windows 2000, and Windows XP.

Triad Technology @ Xerox Corporation, Wilsonville, OR 10/2005 - 3/2006
Help Desk Analyst  
Assist Xerox employees with technical issues.
Performed system backups and data recovery using Veritas Netbackup.
Create problem tickets using Remedy and provide resolution when possible.
Explain technical issues to a various range of technical and non-technical clients.
Receive and respond to daily escalations, handle routine service requests and issue root cause analysis. 
Walk user through a series of steps to determine problem, classify level, priority and nature.

OAO Technology Solutions @ IBM, Beaverton, OR 9/2004 - 9/2005
Technical Support Analyst  
Assist Peregrine customers with technical issues remotely from IBM facility.        
Handle 100+ daily level 1 emails/calls for customers (internal, remote, external, and partners). 
Create problem tickets for Peregrine software users specifically in Service Center, Asset Center, Get-IT Products and Connect-IT issues. 
Update, research, respond, and resolve technical problems.
Escalate tickets/issues appropriately to various IT groups.
Research issues using Peregrine's knowledgebase customer support's website. 
Update database structures, researched issues (Internet and internal knowledgebase), and provide resolutions for technical problems resulting from the transition. 

United States Navy (Reserves), 8 Years Service (1985-1993) - Veteran
Logistical and Financial Management Specialist 
Manage inventories of repair parts and general supplies for ships, squadrons, and shore-based activities. Procure, receive, store, and issue material for logistics. Utilize Navy's specialized software program for financial accounting and database systems to perform inventory and financial management functions. Review schedules to identify material shortages and coordinate requisition orders for parts requirements.  








  
    auditing
  
  
    change management
    change-management
  
  
    Clarify
  
  
    Competitive
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    Creativity
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    database
  
  
    database analysis
  
  
    Economics
  
  
    edit
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial accounting
  
  
    financial management
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    help desk support
    help desk
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    Innovation
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Knowledge Management
    knowledge management
  
  
    Law
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    MS Outlook
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Navy
  
  
    Organizational
    organizational
  
  
    Peregrine
  
  
    problem-solving
  
  
    programming
  
  
    quality improvement
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    routing
  
  
    Service Level Agreements
    SLA
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    tax
  
  
    team management
  
  
    desktop support
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    Trend
  
  
    Veritas Netbackup
  
  
    voice mail
  
  
    website
  


