
Ray Boyd
2498 Hughes Court S.W.
Atlanta, Georgia 30331
404-312-6095 (cell)
404-344-8920 (fax)
rayboyd3@gmail.com


HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS

Seasoned executive with several years of highly successful programming results and radio experience at terrestrial and satellite radio facilities.  Director of Global Music Programming for World Space, supervising four channels on XM.  
Successfully programmed stations in New York, Atlanta and Washington, D.C.
Proven ability to increase market share and revenue thru positioning, marketing and increasing Arbitron ratings for under-performing stations and win.
Demonstrated programming philosophy by implementing sound market research utilizing viable techniques, analyzing trends, and solid imaging.
Leader in the area of talent development and urban programming winning numerous industry awards.
Effective manager and supervisor; team player.  Have the ability to lead subordinates and execute directives.  

CORE COMPETENCIES

Programming/Talent Development

Demonstrated knowledge of all facets of Selector, Music Master, Power Gold, Dalet, and other music software.  Understanding demographic trends, music content, formats, rotational application and sound management principles.
World Space Satellite Radio
(September 1999 thru January 2009)
 
(Nov '03 thru Jan '09)                                                Director of Global Music Programming 
As Director of Global Music Programming I was responsible for managing all branded WorldSpace channels and Program Directors.  This included 15 channels that were broadcast worldwide on WorldSpace satellite radio and 4 channels broadcast on XM satellite radio.   

(July '03 thru Nov '03)                                             Senior Manager for Music Programming 
Assisted Director of Global Music Programming in directing the various Program Directors in their day-to-day responsibilities.  
 
(Sept '99 thru July '03)                                                                                    Program Director
Programmed the adult R&amp;B format.  Responsibilities music content, structure and rotation: selecting and/or implementing short and long form programs and developing promotional concepts.  First 20 months, also programmed country format.  


Boyd Media  /  Atlanta                                                                                              Consultant
(August 1990 thru September 1999)

A full service radio programming consulting firm based in Atlanta, concentrating on programming, promotions, sales and client's total productivity.  Clients included, but not limited to WCHB-FM, Detroit, WALR-FM, Atlanta, MORE-FM, Bahamas. 


Radio One Broadcasting                                                    National Director of Programming 
(June 1992 thru May 1993)

   	Successfully implemented all aspects of programming for Radio One stations, 
WMMJ-FM and WOL-AM, Washington D.C. and WWIN-AM/FM in Baltimore.  
Within first rating survey (Summer '92) target audience for WMMJ, Adults 25-54, increased from a 3.6 share to 6.1.

WBLS-FM  /  New York                                                                             Program Director
(April 1989 thru August 1990)

Successfully conceptualized, developed and implemented programming strategies that 
maximized audience share and within a year, increased market share rank of primary target demographics of Adults 25-54) from 12th to 3rd, Adults 18-34 from 7th to 4th and Persons 12+ grew from 15th to 6th. 


WVEE-FM  /  Atlanta                                                                            
(April 1982 thru April 1989) 

(June '86 - April '89)                                                                                      Program Director
	Successfully conceptualized, developed and implemented programming strategies that  
             maximized audience share; managed an annual payroll and promotions budget of over 
             $800,000.  Hired and supervised a staff of 20+.	

(Jan '86 - June '86)                                                                        Assistant Program Director / 
                                                                                                                        Evening Air Talent
	Hosted evening soft show, "The Quiet Storm", #1 rated evening program in the 
Atlanta market, assisted Program Director with music selections and scheduling,   
             supervising and developing station promotions and training on-air talent.

 (April '86 - Jan '86)                                                                          Music Research Director /
                                                                                                          Weekend-Swing Air Talent
	Coordinated and compiled all music research including weekly reports, music 
              charts and other related information, assisted in selecting new music, dubbing 
              music, handling interaction with record labels.


EDUCATION

Wayne State University, Detroit Michigan, June 1973-December 1975
Major Course of Study:  Mass Communications



  
    administrative
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    budgets
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    C
  
  
    charts
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
    Clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    directing
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    Positioning
    positioning
  
  
    Programming I
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    Radio
    radio
  
  
    research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    FM
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    supervising
  
  
    television
  
  
    tops
  
  
    trainer
  


