
HARIHAR DUDDI 
haridp@gmail.com 
  732-604-7702 (Mobile) 
Summary: 
Over 6 years of total experience working as a Technical Project Manager and Business Analyst in the IT sector. 
Over 4 years of experience in web technologies which include HTML, Java Script and Software as a Service (SaaS). 
Experienced in client facing environment and handling multiple projects through the SDLC process. 
Project management experience included daily interaction with clients, Cross functional and development teams. 
Proficient in using advance SQL queries and stored procedures for analysis and report generation. 
Expert in gathering business &amp; functional requirement, developing various specification documents (BRD, FRD, SRS, BRS, UCS and UIS), process mapping using UML methodologies and developing test cases &amp; plans. 
Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies - Rational Unified Process and Agile (Scrum). 
Strong team builder with excellent analytical and communication skills with capability to handle new technologies. 
Proficient in using UML to create Activity diagrams, Sequence diagrams &amp; Use Case analysis. 
Excellent working knowledge in analyzing and improving business process to improve quality and efficiency. 
Outstanding communication skills. Able to successfully build strong working relationship with coworkers and cliental. 
  
Education: 
Master's in Business Administration  
The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX                                                                                 

BS Computer Science 
The University of Madras, India               
                                                                                                   
Software/Database: 
Windows, SQL, Use Cases, Microsoft Office Tools, MS Source Safe, Rational Rose, Marketing Tool (Zoomerang, Hoovers, Eloqua), MS SharePoint, K2 Blackpearl, Raven Flow, PeopleSoft, Agile Scrum, Scrummy, HTML, XML, Web service, Web API. 
  
Experience: 
Employees Retirement System, Austin, TX                                                                                                                      Aug 2009 - April 2010 
Business System Analyst 
Worked on multiple projects involving business process modeling, redesign and enhancements to improve efficiency. 

Hardware/Software: 
MS Office 07, Windows, MS SharePoint, PeopleSoft, K2 Blackpearl, Raven Flow, Oracle, SQL, .Net. 
  
Responsibilities: 
Conducted initial meeting with business to define the scope of the project. 
Gathered the Order of Magnitude (OM) from development, testing and UAT. 
Conducted meeting with the business to define the return of investment and the priority for the project based on the initial OM. 
Gathered, analyzed and documented business and functional requirement in BRFD.
Acted as a liaison by communicating with the business, developers and testers after the completion of the BRFD. 
Developed use cases and process flows using Raven Flow. 
Developed detail process mapping with activity diagrams representing different actors and their functions. 
Conducted final walkthrough with the Business owners, SME's, developers and testing for final signoffs on the BRFD. 
    
AIG, Berkeley Heights, NJ                                                                                                                                                 Jan 2009 - July 2009 
Senior Business Analyst 
The objective was to automate the process of issuance for an Accident and Health policy. 

Hardware/Software: 
MS Office, Windows, I-Works, Eprocess, Estart, Eroom, SQL, RUP. 
  
Responsibilities: 
Developed the AS-IS process by analyzing the internal and external business process. 
Developed the BRD , FRD and TO-BE flow to included the process improvements discussed with the SME's . 
Developed data mapping document, mapping all the forms that were triggered by the application. 
Executed advance SQL queries for validating requirements and generating reports. 

JP Morgan Chase, Wilmington, DE                                                                                                                                           Dec 2007- Dec 2008 
Business Analyst 
Direct Mail Non Check- To provide direct mail channel an infrastructure to allow non-check incentives and fulfilled automatically. 
Speech Recognition and Voice Analytics-To implementation of a natural language speech recognition solution with speaker authentication technology. 
Spend Focus Card-To enable the functionality of the Spend Focused Card for customers to do variable purchasing and payments. 

Hardware/Software: 
Windows, SQL, Microsoft Office tools, HP Quality Center, Waterfall.               
  
Responsibilities: 
Worked with the business to prepare the vision and scope of the project. 
Conducted JAD sessions and developed the requirements, use case and use case diagrams using UML language.  
Conducted gap analysis to create the AS-IS and TO-BE states in MS Visio. 
Performed risk analysis to indentify the key risk areas for the project and prioritized the implementation and testing. 
Developed and maintained traceability matrix to match all requirements with the documentation. 
Developed test plans and executed advance SQL queries for validating requirements. 
  
Enterpulse, Basking Ridge, NJ                                                                                                                                               Jan 2007 - Nov 2007 
Business System Analyst 
The objective of the project is to develop the documentation of the portal in the release (R2) for the client CIT Financials. 

Hardware/Software: 
Windows, Oracle, ASP, Microsoft Office tools, MS Visual Source Safe, Agile (Scrum), Bloomberg

Responsibilities: 
Re- Engineered requirements from the ASP .Net code and existing document to gather requirements.  
Analyzed the CIT financial website to gather additional requirements, business rules,  page elements and interactions.  
Developed System Requirement, Business Rules, Use Case, User Interface documents. 
Developed upward and downward traceability matrix to match requirements with the corresponding documentation.  

Infosys, India                                                                                                                                                                   Feb 2003 - Mar 2004 
Program Analyst  
The objective of the project was to enhance multiple E-Commerce websites. 

Hardware/Software: 
Windows, SQL, VB, Microsoft office tools, HTML, CSS, IBM Rational Tools.  
  
Responsibilities: 
Interact with the vendors and clients to define the product and  process. 
Interacted with the website to understand the functionality provided by the website and identify constraints. 
Analyzed the process, data, behavior of the website and proposed new process to improve quality and efficiency.    



  
    ASP .Net
    .Net
    ASP.NET
  
  
    Agile
    agile
  
  
    API
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    automate
  
  
    Bloomberg
  
  
    business process
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Direct Mail
    direct mail
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    E-Commerce
  
  
    Financials
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    Microsoft office
    MS Office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Works
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    MY SQL
  
  
    natural
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    page
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    Pearl
  
  
    processes
  
  
    speaker
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Rational Rose
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    Requirement
    requirement
  
  
    risk analysis
  
  
    RUP
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
  
  
    SLA
  
  
    Visual Source Safe
  
  
    Speech
    speech
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    UML
  
  
    User Interface
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    vision
  
  
    VB
  
  
    website
    websites
  
  
    XML
  


