
DEBORAH J. SANDERS
465 Old Surrey Road, Hinsdale, IL 60521
708-990-0440     deb_j_sanders@yahoo.com

SUMMARY

Support professional adept at multi-tasking, problem solving, and prioritizing while providing a wide range of administrative duties and client services. 
Administrative assistant with proven ability overseeing daily operations and maintaining office functionality.
Individual contributor and team player, who delivers results beyond expectation and meets deadlines.
Trusted colleague, who protects proprietary and confidential information. 
Familiar with Microsoft and other software applications. 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

BERKLEY UNDERWRITING PARTNERS - Naperville, IL				March 2004 - June 2008
Member company of W. R. Berkley Corporation, a leading insurance holding company and one of the nation's premier commercial lines property casualty insurance providers.

Administrative Assistant
Provide administrative support to underwriters and staff of 40
Handle routine correspondence and prepare expense reports
Maintain insurance program files
Coordinate travel arrangements, schedule meeting logistics including preparation and distribution of material
Order office and Break Room supplies and organize all inventory
Copy, scan, and fax documents
Post receivables and prepare deposits

Front Desk Reception
Provide professional and friendly initial contact point for vendors, customers, and colleagues
Telephone coverage (answer/screen/route incoming calls, check voice mail)
Handle and distribute incoming mail and packages, prepare outgoing mail and courier shipments



Deborah J. Sanders											Page 2


ELRICK &amp; LAVIDGE - Westchester, IL						March 1985 - June 2002
Elrick &amp; Lavidge specialized in the consumer, financial service, IT, and telecom industries within the market research industry.

Project Manager
Set up and maintained field personnel in over 20 cities
Traveled to and trained personnel for each in-store study with six to eight stores in multiple cities
Customized all individualized training materials
Assisted in structuring questionnaires
Prepared all study related materials for store sets and resets
Participated in reconfiguration of displays
Interacted with clients in test markets to analyze methodology
Allocated and reconciled monetary incentives


EDUCATION

General Studies - Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL -  Recipient of Illinois State Teachers Scholarship (Four Years)
All Trust Alzheimer Training, Hinsdale, IL


PERSONAL CONTRIBUTIONS

Volunteer - Cambridge Court Condo Association - Treasurer












  
    administrative support
  
  
    premier
  
  
    clients
  
  
    fax
  
  
    financial
  
  
    general office
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    Office Administration
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    cameras
  
  
    profit
  
  
    RAs
  
  
    Reception
  
  
    safety
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    Telephone
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    Type
  
  
    voice mail
  


