
Jeffrey A. Geisler, Page 4



JEFFREY A. GEISLER
2859 Cormorant Road 
Delray Beach, Florida 33444 
  (561) 699-8755 
 jeff@geisler.com


SUMMARY 

A forward-thinking TOP OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE, with extensive experience in the automotive industry as well as in operations analysis, lean principals, just-in-time, Kaizen, project management, financial management, and team leadership, as well as strategic planning.  Collaborates with internal and external parties, and acts as a liaison between IT and business operations to improve performance of staff members and processes to provide better value to customers.  Implements new technologies to increase efficiency.  A highly accomplished leader, who lays the foundation for lasting corporate success and profitability.  


EXPERIENCE

Assistant Vice President, Business Process Integration, Deerfield Beach, Florida	2009-2010

Worked cooperatively with IT organization to implement modernization strategy developed by architects and to bring all relevant players from business side deeply into the process.  Implemented steering committee at vice president level as governing body to handle potential changes in timing, scope and costs as encountered.  Embedded with project team and contributed to day-to-day management of initiative.  
Worked closely with IT senior management in researching, developing recommendation and receiving approval for multi-year, $25,000,000 system-modernization project. 
Established executive steering committee to provide governance structure for modernization initiative.  
Identified, interviewed and researched potential technical partners, and provided recommendation to executive steering committee.  


Assistant Vice President, Accessory Sales	2009

Responsible for major pillar of company's revenue stream.  Managed marketing and pricing functions, as well as sales forecasting.  Responsible for New Products group, which worked directly with vendors on development of concepts that led to new offerings, as well as the more mundane task of ensuring current products carried over from model year to model year.  Served as point person for relationships with key vendors, including Toyota Motor Sales and Toyota Motor Corporation.  
Used input from field and dealership body to develop marketing and pricing strategy for key accessories, which when adopted, increased sales by 25% to 100% for leather seats and window tint. 
Rationalized pricing of carpet mat program across vehicle lineup, which improved penetration of Port-Installed Accessory (PIA) by 50%. 
Identified new accessory product for installation at processing center and completed majority of preliminary work on vendor selection and product specifications.  
Shifted focus of accessory pricing from cost-plus to market-driven MSRP, dealer cost.  
Assistant Vice President, Distribution	2008-2009

Collaborated with staff of six associates, which included department manager, ensuring allocation of all production earned from Toyota to 173 dealers following published policies and procedures as adopted starting early in 1990s.  Oversaw daily management of company car inventory, processing of associate and vendor purchases, as well as logistics of product used in car shows.  Served as point person working closely with vehicle processing management team to ensure timely and damage-free delivery of product to dealers.  Handled all direct dealer communications related to inventory allocation and pipeline management. 
Reorganized staff from functional to geographical orientation. 
Improved and provided more consistent service levels to dealership body.  
Cross-trained all associates on all department functions allowing for better operations during vacation and holiday schedules. 
Gave dealership associates and field associates one point of contact to handle distribution-related questions, issues and concerns. 


Assistant Vice President, Financial Analysis, Deerfield Beach, Florida	2006-2008

Calculated EVA results monthly for all "value chains" within SET and prepared analysis of key drivers of respective results.  Reviewed with executive management summary analysis for SET in total.  Prepared year-to-date financial analysis and related projections for presentation to executives from three separate business lines at JM family and board of trustees.  Prepared annual budget and three- to five-year forecasts.  
Re-engaged with accounting and finance practices, as well as learned ins and outs of advanced spreadsheets. 
Provided commendation to chief financial officer to abandon recently purchased third-party software used to produce consolidated budgets for parent company.  


Assistant Vice President, General Manager Manufacturing, Commerce, Georgia	1997-2006

Oversaw all facets of operations as well as responsibility for community relations.  Spent majority of time on production planning and execution, key vendor relationships with Toyota, Norfolk Southern and various trucking companies, associate development and community relations.  Worked with three overarching goals, safety, quality and efficiency.  
Reorganized production and vehicle flows to eliminate 14-associate second shift.  Moved all work back onto first shift, eliminating shift differential and reducing supervisory expenses. 
Managed $4,100,000 project to expand capacity by 50% in key areas of vehicle processing while reducing per-unit costs for support labor by 25% and improving efficiency of production processes by 25%.  
Developed and worked closely with IT group to implement idea for RFID-based location system that reduced parking lot requirements for finished vehicles by 25%.  Worked on RFID processes to improve dealer window for vehicle changes by two days and provide greater visibility to dealers for vehicles at processing centers.  
Earned election to board of directors for Jackson County Chamber of Commerce, slated for election as chairman in 2007.  
Expanded railhead facility to increase railcar off-load capacity by 33%. 
Created and implemented seven-day offload schedule to reduce transit time for 25% of volume by one to two days. 
Worked closely with HR to improve consistency of associate supervision across departments and installed open-door policy for all associates. 
Crafted and implemented production planning spreadsheets, which expanded labor forecast from two to three days to six to eight weeks.  Provided forecasts for painted parts, which reduced finished inventory by 50%. 
Collaborated with corporate and Jacksonville management to adopt additional associate benefits, including full-time nurse on staff, doctor visits for associates and dependents, fitness center, daily hot food service and market-based pay. 


Director of Production Operations, Jacksonville, Florida	1995-1997

Managed direct production departments and processes related to vehicle arrival, processing and shipment.  Oversaw time between when company paid Toyota for vehicle until receipt of payment from dealer at time of wholesale. Coordinated within context of monthly wholesale objective, largest part of annual bonus calculation for management associates.  
Spearheaded project to increase annual vehicle processing capacities by 30,000 vehicles by orchestrating management and associate cooperative process.  Ensured open participation of line associates, using biweekly meetings, informal discussions on the shop floor and paper-based modeling of ideas.  
Implemented standardized accessory installation process control. 
Developed production planning spreadsheets, which provided longer view of incoming traffic, smoothed production levels and trimmed overtime and weekend work by 10%. 


Director, General Operations	1994-1995

Facilitated support operations related to vehicle arrival, processing and shipment.  Oversaw paint and body shop, quality control, new product development, information technology and production planning.  Replaced aftermarket alloy wheel vendor with OEM supplier. 
Reduced warranty expense 80% while improving product offerings and time to markets. 
Collaborated with supplier to design and market wheels that increased sales by 50%.  


Systems and Product Development Manager 	1993-1994

Worked closely with IT department to design and implement vehicle tracking and location system and company's first formal production-planning system.  Developed quality standards for key independent-source accessories to meet Toyota standards.  Responsible for day-to-day operations of new products group, accessory development and carryover, and for directing work of IT resources based on needs of various departments across facility.  
Worked closely with IT group to implement real-time wireless vehicle tracking system, using RF-band frequencies that reduced support labor by significant amounts during periods of high-port inventory.  
Contributed to team that adopted company's first formal production-planning program, Advanced Load Processing (ALP), based on lean principle of minimizing work-in-process combined with a dedicated focus on the elimination of process constraints.  Reduced days in port by 25% to 50%, based on volumes. 
Spearheaded project to reintroduce leather seats as accessory option.  Conducted extensive research regarding Toyota OE leather specifications and toured sewing and tanning operations in search of right supplier.  Led nation in accessory category and grew leather to second-largest revenue and gross-profit contributor within accessory sales.  


ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Systems and Process Control Manager, 1991-1992.  Served as liaison for IT department and held responsibility for allocation of IT resources, based on needs of business.  Worked closely with associates on business side to develop and refine ideas regarding system improvements.  Responsible for development and hire of new position within company, Kaizen engineer.  Collaborated with various departments to improve safety, quality and efficiency of operations.  

Cost and Data Manager, 1989-1990.  Completed transfer pricing calculations of accessory options installed at vehicle processing centers.  Worked closely with IT department as point person for accounting group.  Prepared annual budget by department and supported management in monthly meetings to review results with shop supervisors and managers.  Accounting Manager, 1988-1989.  Led accounting month-end close and all related activities, including intercompany billings.  Prepared monthly analysis of results for local and corporate management, which included actuals versus budget and current year versus prior year calculations.  Held monthly meeting with local management to review results.  

Cost-Accounting Supervisor, 1987-1988.  Responsible for three-person department that calculated various standards for use in development and subsequent booking of internal pricing related to accessory installations.  Automated preparation of accessory price work sheets through use of Lotus 1-2-3, which reduced time required to complete model year change work from four weeks to one.  

Cost-Accounting Assistant, 1986.  Prepared journal entries related to accessory activity.  Prepared price worksheets manually for accessory installations performed.  Maintained installed and uninstalled parts inventories on balance sheet, related cost of goods sold calculation and performance of year-end physical inventory.  Completed pricing work manually on pre-printed forms which included processing of hundreds of different model, model year and part number accessory combinations.  

MAXWELL HOUSE, Jacksonville, Florida, Cost-Accounting Analyst, 1986.  Developed cost standards and evaluated monthly production costs against standard allowances.  Raw-Material Analyst, 1984-1986.  Maintained raw-material inventory located at several warehouses and conducted year-end physical inventory and reconciliation.  Prepared monthly raw material yield analysis and reported to local corporate management.  Inventory Accounting Clerk, 1981-1984.  Oversaw freight bills, filing, researching and faxing.  


EDUCATION

EMORY UNIVERSITY, Atlanta, Georgia
Executive MBA, 2006 
Beta Gamma Sigma


UNIVERSITY OF NORTH FLORIDA, Jacksonville, Florida 
B.S., Accounting, Magna Cum Laude, 1984 
Beta Gamma Sigma


PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Communispond, 2009
Senn Delaney T3, 2006


COMPUTER SKILLS

Microsoft Office Suite, Windows, Mac OS X, Essbase, Cognos, SharePoint, Pages, Keynote, iCal, iPhoto  












  
    accounting
  
  
    balance sheet
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    billings
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    business process
  
  
    Cognos
  
  
    community relations
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    directing
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    Essbase
  
  
    executive management
    senior management
  
  
    faxing
  
  
    filing
  
  
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial analysis
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    gross-profit
  
  
    HR
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    law
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Lotus 1-2-3
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
  
  
    Windows
    window
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    new product development
  
  
    paint
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    researching
    research
  
  
    safety
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    sales forecasting
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    supervisory
    supervision
  
  
    view
  
  
    year-end
  


