
Edosil, Emerson
P.O. Box 10202 Riyadh
11433 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

Mobile: +966503060554
E-mail: emersonedosil@yahoo.com
Availability: April 13, 2012
Objective


To secure a position with a well-established organization with a stable environment that will lead to career advancement in the field of technology.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Hardware:






Software:






Networking:




Programming:




Others:

Knowledgeable in Desktop, Laptop and PC Troubleshooting and Repair
Brands are HP-Compaq, Dell, Acer, Asus, Lenovo and Packard Bell. Adept experienced in troubleshooting and repair of Monitors and LCD's, Power Supplies, Camera, MP3, Printer, Scanner, CD drives and Copier.

Adept experienced in Operating System Windows9x, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows7, Windows 2000server, Windows 2003server, Windows 2008server, Linux Ubuntu, Red Hat and Linux Linpus
Knowledgeable in Microsoft Offices 97', 2000, 2003, 2007 and 2010.

Knowledgeable in Cisco Networking Program (CCNA graduate)
Proficient in Network Hardware Troubleshooting and Network Configuration. (Installation, cabling, crimping and designing network floor plan and layout.)
 
Adept experienced in BIOS and Firmware upgrades of Motherboard and Laptop (all brands), Digital Camera (Olympus), Optical Disc Drive (all brands), Mp3 (Creative). 
Basic knowledge with C, C++ and Java Programming
Proficient in making reports e.g. Technical Reports, Service Reports, Inventory Reports with the used of Zebra printer and scanner. Biometric Hand-punch attendance machine installation and configuration.

Professional experience

Assistant TOEFL and Prometric Administrator
Assists TOEFL and Prometric online exams. Conducts procedure in handling the candidate while taking the exams and maintain the workflow and server machines to be available at all time.

Reason for leaving: End of Contract.

December 2005	- September 2008             Axisglobal Technologies Inc.
M.J. Cuenco Mabolo Cebu City, Philippines

Technical Support Engineer
Conducts testing, troubleshoots and repair of component, consumer and system products motherboard, video card, networking products, optical disc drives, monitors, laptops and power supplies. Others MP3 players, digital cameras, printers, scanners and other multimedia products. And also answers client calls pertaining to technical problems.

Network System Administrator (ICT)
Designs and remodel the network setup of the office and conducts LAN cabling and Wi-Fi installation, e-mail and internet restrictions and printer management, link monitoring to and fro head office and other company branches.

Reason for leaving: Pursuing an opportunity abroad.
 
June 2002 - December 2003                        LYK Microsystems
48-A Juana Osme&#241;a Ext., Cebu City, Philippines

Computer Technician
Entertains end-user clients regarding computer problems like Personal Computers, Laptops, Printers and Scanners. Experienced in client visits and field check-up or repair from software problem to hardware problem.

Reason for leaving: conflict of schedule in studies.

EducationAL INFORMATION


Graduate             Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (B.S.I.T.)

2000 - 2004           University of Cebu Lapu-lapu &amp; Mandaue     
                              Mandaue City, Cebu, Philippines

Secondary

1996 - 2000          University of the Visayas-Mandaue        
                            Mandaue City, Cebu, Philippines
personal information


Age : 28 years of age
Gender : Male
Nationality : Filipino
Marital Status : Single
Date of Birth : August 16, 1983

Awards or certifications received 


Certificate of Recognition for Best in Case Threaded Study in Cisco Academic Program for Batch 2004.
Certificate of Training from Columbia Technologies Inc.
Certificate of Completion from Ng Khai Development Corporation
Certificate of Completion/Employment from LYK Microsystems
Certificate of Employment from Axis Global Technologies Inc.
Certified TOEFL and Prometric Administrator

Training &amp; seminars



May 6, 2006- May 15, 2006
Technical Training for Epson Printer and Olympus DSLR/Digital camera Repair

Axis Global Technologies Incorporated
Cubao Main Office - Manila, Philippines

Dec 5, 2005- Dec 27, 2005

Technical Training for All IT Products

Axis Global Technologies Incorporated
Cubao Main Office - Manila, Philippines

Reference/s


Name: Lawrence Belo
Profession: Software Engineer
Company: NEC Software Philippines
Residential: Lahug JY, Cebu, Philippines

Name: Elias Arcenal Jr.
Profession: Production Operator (Circuit Assembly)
Company: Lexmark Philippines
Residential: Opon, Cebu, Philippines



  
    Acer
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    cabling
  
  
    CCNA
  
  
    CD
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Compaq
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    client
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    LCD
  
  
    designing
  
  
    digital cameras
    Digital Camera
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    fast
  
  
    HP
  
  
    Inventory
  
  
    Java Programming
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    laptops
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    office
  
  
    97
  
  
    Windows
    Windows7
    Windows9
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Monitors
    monitors
  
  
    Motherboard
    motherboard
  
  
    MP3
    Mp3
  
  
    multimedia
  
  
    Network Hardware
  
  
    network setup
  
  
    Network
    network
    Networking
    networking
  
  
    Operating System
  
  
    PC Troubleshooting
  
  
    Copier
  
  
    Camera
  
  
    Power Supplies
    power supplies
  
  
    Printer
    printer
    printers
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    Red Hat and Linux
  
  
    Scanner
    scanner
    scanners
  
  
    Troubleshooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    video
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Windows 2000server
  
  
    workflow
  


