
                                                                      MARK STEVEN HANTOOT, M.D.



                            MARK STEVEN HANTOOT, M.D.

Contact                 Department of Psychiatry &amp; Behavioral Sciences,
                        Keck School of Medicine
                        University of Southern California
                        Clinical Sciences Center
                        2250 Alcazar Street, CSC 2200
                        Los Angeles, CA 90033-9074
                        310.990.5969, hantoot@usc.edu

                        Creative Media &amp; Behavioral Health Center
                        School of Cinematic Arts, Interactive Media Division
                        University of Southern California
                        900 W. 34th St., SCA 224
                        Los Angeles, CA 90089-2211
                        310.990.5969, http://cmbhc.usc.edu


Education               M.D. Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University (1989)
                        Playwriting Fellow, The Juilliard School (1979-81)
                        Special Student, Theater Program, New York University (1978-79)
                        A.B., "The Playwright as Social Critic," Brown University (1979)

Graduate Medical        Resident in Psychiatry, Stone Institute of Psychiatry,
Education               Northwestern Memorial Hospital, Feinberg School of Medicine,
                        Northwestern University (1989 -1993)
                        Intern in Pediatrics, Children's Memorial Hospital, Chicago (1989)

Board Certification &amp;   Certified, Gen. Psych., American Board of Psych. &amp; Neurol. (1995)
Licensure               Permanent License, Illinois (#036-084076) (1991 &#173; present)
                        Permanent license, California (#G88249) (Assistant Professor of Clinical Psychiatry, Keck School of Medicine,
                        University of Southern California. Los Angeles, CA ( 2009 - 2011)
                        Hospital Appointments   Northwestern Memorial Hospital, Chicago, IL (1993 - 2011)
                        Gateways Hospital Medical Center, Los Angeles, (2009 &#173; 2011)
                        Founder &amp; Director, Program in Psychiatry &amp; Media, Keck School of
                            Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA.
                            Responsible for development of interdisciplinary didactic protocols
                            integrating contemporary media applications with behavioral health
                            curricula. Includes development of novel Certificate and advanced Dual
                            Degree Programs (Associate Director of Residency
                            Training, Dept. of Psychiatry &amp; Behavioral Sciences, Keck School of
                            Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA
                            Responsible for working with psychiatric residents and medical students.
                            Includes program development, recruitment, teaching, interface with other
                            Medical School Departments and related functions. Member of multiple
                            departmental leadership committees (2009 &#173; 2011)

                            Medical Director, Gateways Hospital and Mental Health Centers, Los
                            Angeles, CA.
                            Responsible for all aspects of medical direction of 40 bed inpatient facility
                            for the treatment of adults and adolescents. Also includes medical
                            direction of all associated outpatient divisions, including those designed
                            for management of severe and persistent illness and patients with forensic
                            issues. Additionally includes management of trainee programs, including



                                                    2
                                               MARK STEVEN HANTOOT, M.D.


medical student rotations from USC Keck School of Medicine (2009 &#173;
2011).

Medical Director, Cigna Disability Services, West Coast Operations,
Glendale, CA. Responsible for overall management, QA, QI, and clinical
approval of all Psychiatric Disability Applications received and reviewed by
clinical and administrative staff (2009 - 2010).

Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer, CognoSPECTi Imaging, Inc.,
Beverly Hills, CA.
Responsible for development of multi-center trials studying the use
of SPECT scanning for psychiatric applications. Includes fund
raising, study and protocol development, partnership development,
interface with hardware and software providers and business plan
development (2008 - 2011)

Private Practice Psychiatrist, Chicago and Highland Park, IL.
Specialties include diagnostic assessment, mood and anxiety disorders,
personality disorders and persistent illness, with particular emphasis on
young adult populations. Includes interface with numerous local and
national programs specializing in the treatment of young adults, as well as
with school settings, including grade schools and university settings (2002
&#173; 2009)

Co-Founder and Medical Director, YellowBrick, Evanston, IL.
Developed and implemented Residential and Outpatient programming for
treatment of young adults struggling with serious psychiatric conditions
related to transition to adulthood. Included creation of clinical and
administrative protocols, direction of clinical teams, staff hiring and
development, community outreach, brand development and marketing.
Included travel to and evaluation of existing programs specializing in
treatment of young adults (e.g. Compass Program, The Menninger Clinic,
Laureate Hospital Program for treatment of severe eating disorders,
Rogers Hospital for treatment of eating and other psychiatric disorders in
young adults, and others. Also included interface with educational
consultants, local community leaders and licensing entities
(www.yellowbrickprogram.com) (2005&#173;2007).

Director of Medical Services, Trilogy, Inc., Chicago, IL
Responsible for clinical and administrative oversight of all psychiatric
and psychological services in comprehensive, community-based setting.
Includes development and direction of expanded, multi-site outpatient
programming, including EAP components and direct clinical service.
Developed and supervised medical student and resident clinical rotations
Developed and supervised program for evaluation and treatment of
students referred by Loyola University, Chicago (2000-2007).

                        3
                                                      MARK S. HANTOOT, M.D.




Medical Director, Outpatient Treatment Center, Stone Institute of
Psychiatry, Northwestern Memorial Hospital, Chicago, IL
Responsible for clinical direction of comprehensive academic training site
with over 25,000 visits yearly. Included leadership of treatment teams,
program development and liaison, staff supervision, comprehensive
oversight of trainees in psychiatry, psychology and social work, and
interface with managed care components. Member of numerous
departmental clinical, management and training committees. Included
particular emphasis on work with young adult patients referred from all of
Northwestern's component educational programs, both undergraduate
and graduate. Additionally included work with undergraduate and graduate
students from other area universities, including the University of Chicago,
DePaul, Loyola and others. Site Director, STAR*D Research Program
(1997-2002).

Co-Founder and Vice-President, Listen Up, LLC, Chicago, IL
Responsible for creation and development of novel entity designed to
provide comprehensive real-time services for organizations pursuing
compliance with Sarbanes Oxley Regulations. Specifically responsible for
creation and management of clinical caller intake services and interface
with feedback response loop with both callers and clients (2005-2007).

Medical Director, Psychosocial Rehabilitation, and Consulting
Psychiatrist, Trilogy, Inc.
Responsible for medical direction of state-funded PSR program,
including clinical oversight and direct service. Also responsible for direct
service for patients in Sustaining Care, Employment Service, CILA and
Group Home programs. Includes leadership of treatment teams, program
development and participation in related committees (1993-2000).

Member, Northwestern Medical Faculty Foundation
Consultative, psychotherapeutic and psychopharmacologic
services in full time, faculty-based ambulatory setting (1998-2001).

Medical Director, Extended Partial Hospitalization Program,
Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Responsible for medical direction of intensive, full-day outpatient
treatment program for adults with severe and persistent disorders.
Includes multi-disciplinary team leadership and direct clinical service
(1995-1998)

Staff Psychiatrist, Emergency Psychiatric Services,
Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Responsible for evaluation and
consultation services for acute psychiatric and medical patients in



                        4
                                                           MARK STEVEN HANTOOT, M.D.


             Emergency Room setting. Provided supervision of medical students,
             psychiatric residents and psychology interns (1993-1995)

             Consulting Psychiatrist, School of the Art Institute of Chicago
             Provided psychiatric evaluation, pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy
             services to undergraduate and graduate students in conjunction with
             Department of Counseling Services (1995-1998)

             Private Practice Psychiatrist, Chicago and Northbrook, IL
             Special interests in psychiatric consultation, brief and
             long-term psychotherapy, pharmacologic management,
             anxiety and post-traumatic disorders, mood disorders, severe
             character disorders and psychiatry and the arts. Particular focus on
             treatment issues associated with young adults (1993-1998)

             Consulting Psychiatrist, Counseling Center of Lakeview,
             Chicago, IL
             Responsible for management of persistently ill adults, including
             evaluation services, treatment planning and pharmacotherapy.
             Participated in development of new clinical programming. Chair, Critical
             Incident Review Committee (1993-1995)

Teaching     Department of Psychiatry &amp; Behavioral Sciences, USC Keck
Experience   School of Medicine &amp; Division of Interactive Media, USC School of
             Cinematic Arts (2010 &#173; present)

             Performance of the Diagnostic Evaluation and Mental Status Exam
             Transition to Psychiatric Practice, Adult &amp; Child Populations
             Uses of Novel Media Technology in Psychiatric Management Supervisor,
             Third year Inpatient Psychiatric Clerkship, Gateways Hosp and Med Ctr
             Uses of Empathy in the Creative Process
             Advanced Media Based Treatments for PTSD
             Studies in Emerging Adulthood

             Department of Psychiatry &amp; Behavioral Sciences, Northwestern
             University Feinberg School of Medicine (1994-2010)

             Psychotherapy and General Supervisor
             Course Director, Ambulatory Care in Psychiatry
             Junior and Senior Clerkship Coordinator, Ambulatory Care
             Group Leader, Patient, Physician &amp; Society
             Lecturer, Psychopathology Curriculum, Ph.D. Psychology Program

             School of Nursing, Rush Medical College (1998 - 2000)
             Preceptor, Psychiatric Nursing Placement


                                     5
                                                                   MARK S. HANTOOT, M.D.




Honors          Selected one of "Most Innovative" Research Centers at USC (2011)
                Presentor, USC Stevens Inst. Center for Excellence in Research (2011)
                Laughlin Foundation Award In Psychiatry (1993)
                First Prize, Hazel Mrazek Resident Paper Competition (1992)
                Dr. Frederick Stenn Memorial Award in Psychiatry (1989)
                Sandoz Award For Excellence in Psychiatric Training (1989)
                Elected Sigma Xi, Research in Steroid Biochem, Brown Univ (1979)

Papers &amp;        Hantoot, MS. Lying in Psychotherapy Supervision: Why Residents
Presentations   Say One Thing and Do Another. Academic Psychiatry, 24:4 (2000)
                (Presented, Department of Psychiatry &amp; Behavioral Sciences,
                Northwestern University Medical School, and the Institute for
                Psychoanalysis, Chicago)

                Mini, LJ, Hantoot, MS, Patel, MP, Reed, D and Weinstein, S. The
                Role of the Psychiatrist in Community Mental Health Centers.
                Psychiatrist Administrator 1 (1):19-25 (2001)

                Hantoot, MS. Resistance to Residency Scheduling Reform: Psychological
                Factors (Selected for presentation, Illinois Psychiatric Society,
                Chicago)

                DeConti GA, Hantoot MS and Morris DJ. The Enterohepatic Circulation of
                Aldosterone Metabolites and its Sex Dependence in Rats. Endocrinology
                101 (6):1776-83 (1977) (Presented, Annual Meeting of the Endocrine
                Society, Chicago, and Meeting of New England Pharmacologists,
                Newport, RI)

                Group Presenter, "Methods in Publication Analysis," Pre-Conference
                Program in ADHD, American Association of Directors of Psychiatric
                Residency Programs, Orlando, FL (2010)

                Program Leader, USC Center for Excellence in Research (CER),
                "Reaching Out Through the Behavioral Sciences: Multidisciplinary
                Research Using Media &amp; Technology." November, 2011

                A Meta-Analysis of the Incidence and Prevalence of Traumatic Brain Injury
                in Youth Sport (in preparation)

                Identification and Management of ADHD in Football Programming in Youth
                Populations (in preparation)

                Uses of Therapeutic Gaming and Yoga in the Treatment of Anxiety and
                Depression Features Associated with PTSD in Childhood and
                Adolescence (in preparation)

                                       6
                                                                  MARK STEVEN HANTOOT, M.D.




Research &amp; Grants   See www.cmbhc.usc.edu


Professional        American Psychiatric Association, California Psychiatric Society
Memberships         American Association of Directors of Psychiatric Residency Training

                    Member, Committee to Develop Uniform Outpatient
                    Pharmacologic Treatment Standards, Illinois Department
                    of Human Services, Office of Mental Health

                    Member, Committee to Develop Uniform Community-Based
                    Medical Staffing Standards, DHS, Illinois Office of Mental Health

                    Member, Metro North Medical Leadership Committee, Illinois DHS
                    Office of Mental Health

                    Member, American Association of Directors of Psychiatric
                    Residency Training

                    Peer Reviewer, Academic Psychiatry




                                            7



  
    academic
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Arts
    arts
    Art
  
  
    brand development
  
  
    business plan
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    consultation
    Consulting
  
  
    clients
  
  
    direction
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    fund
raising
  
  
    Gateways
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    investment banking
  
  
    leadership
    team leadership
  
  
    Director
  
  
    MARK
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    media production
  
  
    2000
  
  
    new media
  
  
    Novel
    novel
  
  
    Nursing
  
  
    program development
    program
development
  
  
    programming
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    psychology
  
  
    QA
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    Research
  
  
    Sarbanes Oxley
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    staff supervision
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Supervisor
    supervision
  
  
    Teaching
    teaching
  


