
 Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you. Henri-Fr&#233;d&#233;ric Amiel
Sonia Orellano * 
205 E Mondamin St #2*Minooka IL 60447
Home #815/828-5052 * Cell 815/793-8418 * Orellano452@gmail.com

Sonia Orellano * 
205 E Mondamin St #2*Minooka IL 60447
Home #815/828-5052 * Cell 815/793-8418 * Orellano452@gmail.com




Profile: To obtain a position within the company that will allow me to utilize my work experience for the benefit of the company.  

Education and Credentials:
2012 Register for fall semester for Associated Degree at Triton College
2009 Medical Billing Certification - Triton College River Grove IL 
1989 Engineer Program - De-Vry College Chicago IL 

Professional Affiliations:
Member, Association of Certified HSBC Anti Money Laundering Specialists (ACAMS)
Member, Association of Certified Fraud examiners (ACFE)

Career History:
HSBC Bank - Mettawa IL 
May 2009 - June 2011 - Financial Intelligence Group Investigator 
Supporting Financial Intelligence Group with identifies patterns of suspicious activity and investigates suspected cases of activity related to money laundering or other related financial crimes.  
Researched and analyzed existing customers to assist business units and AML. 
Review press for adverse information impacting the Company's reputation of regulatory status, investigate accounts arising from these reviews.  Review customer information files form all banking areas and/or conduct investigations where customer (including principals and/or beneficial owners of corporate accounts, trustees, etc.) match individual names and entities identified by government sources and report out to the business.  Manage SAR reporting, act as liaison with law enforcement officials, government regulators.  
Participated in special compliance reviews with those responsible for third party subpoenas, including grand jury subpoenas, as well as for civil litigation, to determine whether a Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) is required to be filed in connection with any such matter.

HSBC Bank - Mettawa IL 
December 2004 - May 2009 - Compliance Officer (Direct Maketing) 
Supporting Direct Marketing &amp; e-business Solutions Assist CML develop and deliver Marketing strategies that support new loan acquisitions (prospect, affiliate leads&amp; ACH programs), as well as portfolio customer up-sell and retention programs. 
Assisting CML identify and develop solutions to mitigate compliance risk; maintain awareness of state and federal regulatory changes affecting the business; ensure proper controls are in place to meet regulatory and/or compliance requirements; and communication of policy and procedure changes to achieve compliance standards.
Locate risk and gather information from the suitable source to assist in resolving business issues.  

HSBC Bank - Mettawa IL
July 2003 - December 2004 - Foreclosure specialist/Loss Mitigation (Residential and Commercial)
Responsible - Perform analysis of assigned real estate accounts to determine and initiate appropriate action which may include collection, loss mitigation on short sale negotiation, modification of loan terms, foreclosure, forbearance plans and deeds in lieu of foreclosure. 
Interact with attorneys, trustees, realtors, appraisers and vendors to ensure proper and timely follow up. 
Counsels customers on resolving unfavorable credit performance and makes recommendation. 





Page 2


HSBC Bank - Mettawa IL 
January 2003 - July 2003 - Collections (Residential and Commercial)
Contacting customers whose accounts are past due 8-59 days to negotiate an appropriate resolution and secure payment, process correspondence and provide customer account and policy information in accordance with company policy and procedures.  
Flag and discuss difficult situations with their Unit Manager and provide recommendations for appropriate action (write-off, credit limit changes) perform other related duties as assigned. 

Allied Building Product - Wood Dale IL 
May 1999 - July 2003 - Collections (Residential and Commercial)
Review existing accounts and recommends action, including account holds or suspensions, credit limit adjustments, or collection.  
Resolved customer questions or concerns regarding account activity.  
Review credit application and financial for new customer's to determine the credit limit for new accounts.  
Prepare a monthly reports detailing account activity.  Month end reporting on all delinquent account, review delinquent accounts with Sales rep, Branch manager &amp; Attorney.  
Travel to sites for collections.  
Prepare liens on delinquent (60 past due) projects.
Process all invoices that came in, coding them and enter then in the system for payments.  Research any shortage on open invoices.  

Mac Funding Corporation - Wood Dale IL 
November 1997 - May 1999 - Collections 
Perform outbound calls to delinquent accounts.  
Arrange payment programs.  
Maintain documentation on all delinquent accounts.  
Work with record of collection activities and phone tracing customers whose whereabouts are unknown.  
Handle Mexico and Canada delinquent accounts. 

Hyatt Regency O'Hare - Rosemont IL 
May 1996 - November 1997 - Credit Manager
Contact customers by telephone whose accounts are past due to negotiate appropriate resolutions.  
In charge of Credit card charge back (reviewing and resolving).  
Sending correspondence to customer's in accordance to company policies and procedures.  
Update and verify customer information on computer system.  
Manage 6 employees with in collections and customer service.  
Review month end reports on all outstanding issues.

Skills:
Proficient tracking departmental expenses
Knowledgeable of Quick Books, PeopleSoft, Java, Cisco, Quicken, SAP, Credit Bureau Software, GAAP, System Application Program.
Spanish Speaking (Reading and Writing)
Proficient in World-Check, Actimize, LexisNexis, Banker's Almanac, Netscape Communicator, Microsoft Office Suite including: Word, Excel, Project, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Adobe (read/write).  
Type 45 WPM
10+ years of Customer Service

Reference:			Available Upon Request




  
    acquisitions
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Attorney
  
  
    banking
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    Direct Marketing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    e-business
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    government
  
  
    Java
  
  
    law enforcement
  
  
    litigation
  
  
    Marketing strategies
  
  
    Medical Billing
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    money
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    Netscape Communicator
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    policies
  
  
    press
  
  
    coding
  
  
    Quick Books
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    Reading
    read
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Spanish Speaking
  
  
    telephone
    phone
  
  
    Type 45 WPM
  


