
Thomas Kagelmann 

858 Westbourne Drive, #4
West Hollywood, CA 90069
Cell:   001 - (310) - 933-7496 
Home:   001 - (424) - 204-9417 
tchurgin@mac.com  


FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL

Objective:  Seeking in California and/or the globe, a full-time telecommuting opportunity in Finance or Information Technology (IT) that allows me to apply and demonstrate my strong Project Management, Finance &amp; Budget Analysis, and User Support skills to help succeed and accelerate the business goals of an existing team, or to build up a new team with service of excellence. 

Education
Education:
8/06 - 12/06:		Erie County Community College, Buffalo NY (Statistic &amp; Psychology)
6/05 - 5/06:		Long Beach Community College (English &amp; Math)
1985 - 1986:		Computer Science with focus on development and infrastructure.	
1975 - 1978:		Apprenticeship with degree in Business Administration at 	Kreisberufsschule Itzehoe College; equivalent to US Bachelor of Science, 	General Business.
1974:               High School Diploma Itzehoe, Germany.

Languages:		Fluent in English and German (native language). 
Volunteer:		Wells House Hospice
7/10/2008:		American Citizenship, New Orleans, LA.

Work Experience
Employment History:			                  

Warner Music Group, Burbank, California (1999 to 2005)
Testing Manager 6/03 - 9/05: 
Managed Application Support Level I, II and III with a team of five to fifteen business analysts to assure best quality on E-Marketing project, including data warehouse, content management, websites and applications, data migration and conversion. Including support to implementation team during code moves through all environments and by validating the data base architecture and configuration changes (back-end) of all application components. 
Managed implementation and trained all team members on E-Marketing application, Rational Unified Process (RUP), automated test tools, defect tracking system PVCS Tracker, business requirements management tool DOORS, and test case management tool 'Test-Director'.
Implemented and managed the Change-Management-Process for E-Marketing, including compliance and verification of code versions, data base configurations and hardware changes through all environments during the project cycle, including roll back procedures upon a failed implementation and assurance of absolute compliance with the escalation process, informing senior management.
Created and generated cost-benefit-trade-off analysis, gap analysis, ensuring budget compliance ($18M), and tracking and reporting project progress to senior management.
Evaluated personnel and created job descriptions for all full-time employees and consultants.
Team Lead Testing 3/00 - 6/03: 
Responsible for the quality of data warehouse and web applications, as well as support to data base administrators verifying and validating data base architecture and configuration changes, for the areas of marketing and sales, generating and providing cost-benefit-trade-off analysis, gap analysis, ensuring budget compliance, and tracking and reporting project progress to application support manager.
Managed Application Support Level I and II on E-Marketing issues with a staff of 4 to 10, incl. user training.
Managed Change-Management-Process with focus of code version compliance, data base architecture and configuration changes and hardware changes through all environments, including roll back procedures upon a failed implementation and assurance of absolute compliance with the escalation process, informing senior management.
Business Analyst Oracle Finance 03/99 - 03/00:
Responsible as business analyst and application support staff Oracle Finance for General Ledger and Fixed Asset modules, with the responsibility of testing the customized areas, customer support first and second level, as well as testing Oracle System Patches and Upgrades. 
Presenting code changes to GL and FA modules to Change Management Committee.






Blue Shield of California, San Francisco, California
Provider Relations Manager (contractor) 1/98 - 2/99:
Data base and systems administrator for dental division. Tasks included development, implementation of relationship models to generate enhanced reports and queries requested by senior management. 
Performing data merge with third party dental provider to strategize marketing campaigns and identify weak spots. 
Perform provider relation's activities: contract negotiations, compliance review and credentialing.


Germany

Warner Music Group, Hamburg, Germany (1986 to 1997)
IT Coordinator/Controller 4/96 - 12/97:
Managed project 'budget data base', an intranet application for the central European territories, reporting directly to the CFO. Managing and conducting user training, as well as first and second level user support, generating and monitoring budget compliance for corporate cost centers.  Responsible as liaison between German office and international Head Quarters in London for all budget related affairs.
Application Support Manager 1/95 - 12/97: 
Managed and supervised a full-time staff of 14 ensuring Network availability (LAN and WAN), Oracle DBA, Development (Marketing and Royalties), Desktop and Help Desk, and Customer support. 
Responsible for IT guideline and budgetary compliance with reporting function to the head quarters WMG International in London. Prime contact on internal IT audits.
Network Administrator 3/94 - 12/94:
Managed and supervised network group with responsibility of daily network administration, configuration and hardware maintenance for support of 260+ user stations and 11 servers on a Banyan Vines network. Performed maintenance and user administration including monitoring system services, both backup and restorations. Managed hardware installations, performed maintenance on servers, conducted as a liaison between DELL and Time Warner International maintenance and service contracting matters.
Application Support Specialist (Level I, II, and III) 1/88 - 3/97:
Managed and resolved application issues Level III, the most difficult or advanced problems, such as data and business analysis, back-end (data base) problems as well as assisting both Level I and Level II personnel, including research and development of solutions to new or unknown issues.
Managed and trained application support team, a staff of six, on Level I and II issues including issues with the finance interface, to support the MAIS user community of 100+ in four separate physical locations.
Project 'Marketing Information System' (MAIS): Planned, strategized, developed, and programmed MAIS, using RDBMS PACE (Wang). Integrated GL interface for budget and actual expenditure feeds, as well as managing as project lead the implementation of the application on to the production environment including post implementation data audit and functional verification of the application.
Generated as the responsible 'budget analyst' for the IT Manager the Budget for the areas of Finance and Warehouse.
Application Support Specialist (Level I) 10/86 - 12/87: 
Incident Logging and status reporting as well as User Administration - user setup, account maintenance and permissions. Processing 'Level I' support issues by gathering the customer's information and determine the customer's issue by analyzing the symptoms and figuring out the underlying problem occurring in GL, AP, AR, FA, Distribution and sub-systems. Forwarding higher ranked issues to support specialists' level II. Run daily production schedules for finance system and validate reports produced by the GL, Distribution and sub-systems before distributing to department heads. 
Paech Brot, Itzehoe, Germany (1983 to 1985) 
Merchandiser:
Managed and coordinated operations of 23 stores. Responsible for all merchandising, inventory control and ordering. Prepared daily and monthly sales report. Monitored key department store promotion activities.
Military Service, Hamburg, Germany (1979 to 1983)
Army Corporal Material Management Services (honorable discharge).

Groening Realtor GmbH, Itzehoe, Germany (1978)
Administrative Assistant.



















  
    analyst
  
  
    AP
  
  
    AR
  
  
    backup
  
  
    Banyan Vines
  
  
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    business analyst
    business analysis
  
  
    Change Management
    Change-Management
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    content management
  
  
    contract negotiations
    contracts
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    Customer support
    customer support
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    data warehouse
  
  
    Data base
    data base
  
  
    DELL
  
  
    DOORS
  
  
    Fluent in English
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Finance
    finance
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    General Ledger
  
  
    German
  
  
    GL
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    Help Desk
  
  
    inventory control
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    medical billing
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    network administration
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle DBA
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Presenting
  
  
    Prime
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project lead
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    PVCS
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quick Books
  
  
    RDBMS
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    RUP
    Rational Unified Process
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    sales forecasting
  
  
    servers
  
  
    user support
  
  
    user training
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    Test-Director
  
  
    test tools
  
  
    Upgrades
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    Wang
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    websites
  


