
Mark Israel                                                                                                                     markisrael26@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/misrael8                                                                                             (917) 715-1031



Summary
      Hands-on   Talent   Acquisition   Leader   with   a   passion   for   building   high-performance   teams   and   proven   ability   to   create  
      successful  partnerships  within  organizations.        Engaged  in  the  Professional  Recruiting  Community  with  a  comprehensive  
      understanding   of   how   to   leverage   technology   for   compliance   and   to   source   and   attract   top   talent.   Unique   ability   to  
      transition   from   Employment   Brand   Ambassador   to   Recruiting   Process   Expert.         Deep   understanding   of   employment  
      legislation,  immigration  law  processes,  and  other  HR  functions  including  employee  relations,  compensation  and  benefits.    
  
Experience

      Barnes &amp; Noble.com                                                               New  York,  NY               November  2001  &#173;  July  2011  
     Director, Talent Acquisition                                                                                  October  2010  &#173;  July  2011  
     Senior Manager, Talent Acquisition                                                                            May  2004  &#173;  October  2010  
     Contract Recruiter                                                                                            November  2001  &#173;  May  2004  
     Build  and  lead  hyper  responsive,  centralized  Talent  Acquisition  team  for  Barnes  &amp;  Noble.com  with  10  experienced  Recruiters  
     (3   as   dotted   line   reports),   2   Recruiting   Coordinator/Process   Specialists   and   1   Talent   Acquisition   Operations/Strategy  
     Specialist.    Designed  Talent  Acquisition  team  to  provide  support  for  a  fluid  and  growing  organization.    Report  to  VP,  HR.  
     &#183;      Team   Leadership:    Build  and  lead  team  of  Sourcers/Recruiters  to  hire  top  talent  for  up  to  24  hard-to-fill  FT/Perm  
            and   contract   positions   per   month.      Passive   candidate   sourcing   of   roles   from   individual   contributor   to   VP   across   all  
            disciplines  with  a  focus  on  Technology.  Positions  include:  Product  Management,  Business  Development,  Digital/eBook,  
            Digital   Marketing,   User   Experience/Creative,   IT   (Software   Engineering   &amp;   Infrastructure),   Project   Management,   HR,  
            Merchandising,   Finance   and   Editorial.      Drive   University   Recruiting   programs   for   QA,   Marketing   and   Product  
            Management.    Develop  enticing  "cold  call"  pitch  to  candidates  about  BN.com,  our  growth  and  incredible  transformation.  
     &#183;      Candidate   Experience/Effective   Evaluation:   Worked  with  CTO  to  drive  the  development  and  successful  launch  
            of  a  single,  comprehensive  evaluation  process  for  all  Software  Engineering/Architect  and  Technical  Lead  candidates.      
     &#183;      Recruiting   Policy   &amp;   Process:   Design,   communicate   and   implement   policy   and   processes   including:    
            Background/reference   checking,   requisition/offer   approval,   all   candidate   correspondence   and   consulting   contracts,  
            candidate   testing   and   vendor   management.   Work   with   Legal   and   HR   Leadership   on   creation   of   AAP.            Manage   visa  
            transfer   and   Green   Card   process   with   outside   counsel.      Created   guidelines,   communications   and   systems   to   support  
            launch  of  first  Employee  Referral  Bonus  program.  
     &#183;      Technology   &amp;   ATS:      Responsible  for  budget,  evaluation  and  measurement  of  any  training  or  technologies  that  help  
            drive   our   success.      This   includes   investment   in   the   following:   job   board   subscriptions/niche   postings,   job   board  
            aggregators,  Linkedin  Recruiter,  assessment  tools  (i.e.,  Codility),  meta  sourcing  tools  (i.e.,  Talenthook)  and  Social  Media  
            Recruiting   platforms   (Jobvite,   Job   Magic).      Led   evaluation,   selection,   implementation   and   training   for   new   ATS.         This  
            included  writing  RFP,  creating  product  evaluation  matrix,  financial  and  information  security  due  diligence  and  contract  
            negotiation.  
     &#183;      Employment   Branding:      Drive   BN.com   employment   brand   transformation   by   creating   monthly   sponsorship  
            opportunities   with   established   NYC-based   technical   Meetups.   Currently,   redesigning   BN.com   online   career   center,  
            engaged  in  online  employment  brand  assessment,  and  evaluating  job  campaign  optimization  (SEO)  vendors.  
              
     MetTel, Inc. (telecommunications provider)                                       New  York,  NY               October  2000  &#173;  May  2001  
     Contract Recruiter
     Created  recruiting  processes  and  staffed  over  30  positions  in  Sales,  IT,  Customer  Service,  Risk  Management  and  Provisioning  
     departments  using  the  job  boards,  strategic  cold-calling,  referrals  and  professional  job  fairs.  
                                                                                                                                Mark  Israel  (cont'd)  

1-800-FLOWERS.COM                                                            Westbury,  NY             November  1999  -  July  2000  
Staffing Manager
Established   a   central   Corporate   Recruiting   function   and   hired   Managers   and   Directors   for   positions   including   Interactive  
Account   Manager,   Internet   Producer,   Interactive   Business   Developer,   Relationship   Marketing   Director,   Communications  
Manager,  Network  Engineer,  Logistics  Director  and  Senior  Buyer  (Merchandising).      

Ernst and Young LLP                                                            New  York,  NY                 December  1998  -    Sept.  1999  
Assistant Director, Experienced Recruiting
Created  and  implemented  staffing  strategies  using  recruitment  research,  Internet  data  mining  tools  and  specialized  agencies  
to   attract   and   hire   candidates   with   financial   services   industry   experience.      Positions   included   Financial   Engineers,  
Quantitative  Analysts,  Operational/Regulatory  Risk  Advisors  and  Financial  Software  Engineers.  
&#183;      Implemented  Internet  data  mining  process  to  support  six  recruiters.    Developed  a  process  using  specialized  software  to  
       source,  screen  and  distribute  resumes  from  over  35  Web-based  resume  databases.  
&#183;      Developed  MBA  recruitment  program  designed  to  attract  and  hire  graduates  with  strong  capital  markets  and/or  credit  
       risk   experience.      Program   included   on-campus   presentations/interviews   and   coordination   with   the   firm's   Consulting  
       Practice.  
&#183;      Trained  over  80  employees  in  2-hour  Respect-at-Work  Seminars.  Answered  questions  and  facilitated  group  discussion  
       on  the  legal,  practical  and  policy  issues  regarding  sensitive  workplace  topics  such  as  harassment.  

Bloomberg L.P. (financial market data &amp; news provider) New  York,  NY                                          August  1996  &#173;  Dec.  1998  
Recruitment Services Manager
Designed   and   led   Bloomberg's   first   centralized   Recruitment   Services   group   to   provide   staffing   support   for   domestic  
operations  (over  3,000  employees).  Managed  nine  people  including  professional  recruiters  and  support  personnel  to  meet  
the  goal  of  approximately  40  placements  per  month.      
&#183;     Developed   mass   recruitment   strategies   that   led   to   a   33%   increase   in   technical   staff   headcount   in   one   year.   Devised  
      recruitment   strategy   and   advertising   campaign   via   print   media,   "open   house",   Internet   and   radio   to   hire   100  
      experienced  Financial  Sales  Professionals.    
&#183;     Implemented  the  first  widespread  use  of  low  cost  sourcing  methods  for  technical  personnel  including  programmers,  PC  
      systems  and  data  communications  professionals.    Methods  included  college  recruitment,  job  fairs,  Internet  recruitment  
      sources,  and  recruitment  advertising  in  key  publications.  
&#183;     Created  applicant  and  position  tracking  systems  to  ensure  compliance  with  employment  regulations  and  efficient  use  of  
      recruitment  funds.    Created  standardized  employment  correspondence  and  procedures  companywide.    

JYACC, Inc. (software development and consulting firm)                        New  York,  NY                July  1993  -  August  1996  
Employment Specialist/Human Resources Generalist
As  an  Employment  Specialist,  responsibilities  included  recruitment  planning  and  events  for  experienced  and  college  hires  in  
JYACC's  U.S.  and  international  offices.    This  included  the  research  and  selection  of  all  recruitment  resources  (e.g.,  advertising  
agencies,  Internet  recruitment  advertising,  print  media  and  professional  recruiting  agencies),  and  design/written  copy  for  all  
recruitment  advertising  and  collateral.  
&#183;     Led   the   recruitment   process   responsible   for   more   than   135   hires   for   positions   including   Software   Developers,  
      Application   Development   Consultants,   Technical   Support   Representatives,   Technical   Writers,   Technical   Sales  
      Engineers,  and  software  sales  and  marketing  professionals.  
&#183;     Enhanced   JYACC's   image   as   employer-of-choice   in   the   software   industry   through   changes   in   the   company's  
      presentation  in  print  and  Internet  advertising.    Managed  a  college  recruiting  program  with  over  20  universities.  
&#183;     Increased  efficiency  of  the  HR  Department  through  the  customization  of  a  new  Human  Resources  Information  System  
      (HRIS)  and  the  improvement  applicant  tracking  and  work  authorization  databases.  

United Technologies/Pratt &amp; Whitney                                       North  Haven,  CT           June  1992-February  1993  
Human Resources Representative
Provided   HR   support   for   over   1,000   hourly   and   salaried   employees   in   the   Manufacturing   and   Quality   Assurance  
organizations.    Provided  management  and  union  representatives  with  advice  and  direction  on  issues  including  disciplinary  
action,  grievance  resolution,  promotion  and  worker's  compensation.  
&#183;    Co-Chaired   "Return-to-Work"   team   comprised   of   Worker's   Compensation   Administrators,   Supervision   and   the  
     Company  Physician.    Returned  an  average  of  10  -  15  employees  per  month  to  regular  and  light  duty  assignments.  
&#183;    Participated   in   restructuring   activities   including   reductions-in-force   of   500   hourly   and   100   salaried   employees.    
     Facilitated  transition  caused  by  involuntary  separation  through  outplacement  briefings  of  70  -  100  employees.  
                                                                                                                           Mark  Israel  (cont'd)  

Education and Certifications
      Purdue  University/Krannert  Graduate  School  of  Mgmt.    Degree:    MS  in  Human  Resource  Management,  May  1992        
      Binghamton  University  (SUNY)  Degree:    Bachelor  of  Arts  in  Psychology,  May  1990        
      AIRS  Recruiter  Academy  with  more  than  15  courses.    Prior  certifications  have  included:    CIR,  ACIR,  CDR  
        
Activities
             &#183;   Co-Organizer  &#173;  NY  Recruiting  Meetup  Network  (~1,450+  members  &#173;  top  5%  Meetup)  
             &#183;   Co-Founder/Principal  &#173;  Recruitca.mp  Conferences  &amp;  Training  for  Talent  Acquisition  
             &#183;   Invited  speaker  on  behalf  of  Linkedin  Talent  Advantage  products  (Linkedin  Recruiter)  in  NYC  and  panelist  in  2011  
                 National  Talent  Connect  conference.  
             &#183;   Invited  moderator  on  behalf  of  Indeed.com  Talent  Acquisition  roundtable  
             &#183;   Avid  cyclist,  Group  Leader  of  NY  Cycle  Club  (NYCC)  "SIG"  skills  training  program,  former  NYCC  Board  member    



  
    Account  Management
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    Application   Development
  
  
    Architect
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    Bloomberg
  
  
    Branding
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business  case
  
  
    Business  Development
  
  
    capital  markets
  
  
    cold-calling
  
  
    com
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    contract  
            negotiation
    contracts
  
  
    credit  
       risk
  
  
    Customer  Service
  
  
    data  communications
  
  
    data  mining
  
  
    databases
  
  
    direction
  
  
    due  diligence
  
  
    Editorial
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    funds
  
  
    HRIS
  
  
    Human  Resources
    HR
  
  
    image
  
  
    information  security
  
  
    Leadership
    Team   Leadership
  
  
    Legal
    legal
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Magic
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    MBA
  
  
    Merchandising
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    PC  
      systems
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    print  media
    print   media
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Product  
            Management
    Product  Management
  
  
    Project   Management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    publications
  
  
    Quality   Assurance
    QA
  
  
    radio
  
  
    Recruiting
    Recruitment
    recruiting
    recruitment
    Recruiter
  
  
    research
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    Risk  Management
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Seminars
  
  
    software development
  
  
    Software  Engineering
    Software   Engineering
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Statistics
  
  
    Strategy
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Supervision
  
  
    Technical   Sales
  
  
    Technical   Support
  
  
    vendor   management
  
  
    written
  


