
Shahryar G. Hashemi
804 NW 195th Place	
Shoreline, WA  98177	
E-Mail: dsfnet@yahoo.com
Cell: +1 206 459-6203

Executive Summary
Experienced professional with over 16+ years of data architecture, administration and development with proven ability to constantly and rapidly expand technical expertise to provide top-tier solutions and support to meet a company's business needs.  Recognized performance tuning and design of high SLA [5/9s] OLTP and Data Warehouse environments, as well as, training of other team members on various database platforms offerings [MS SQL Server, Sybase, MySQL]. 


Work Experience
Senior Database Administrator	January 2008 - June 2009
InfoSpace Inc.	Bellevue, WA
Database Administrator	July 2006 - December 2007
InfoSpace Inc. [Contract through Star Technical]	Bellevue, WA
Senior Database Consultant	September 2005 - July 2006
Coached, mentored and provided leadership to DBA team members in Washington, North Carolina and India.  This work involved:
  Training of team members on core team processes and new database technologies [e.g. AlwaysOn &amp; columnstore; MySQL].
  Technical escalation point for team members when dealing with complex data problems.
  Report to management on team and individual accomplishments, progress on team goals and training.
  Worked closely with senior management on current and new MS SQL Server licensing models. 
Designed, implemented and documented High Availability standards for MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008 R2 and 2012 by implementing large [up 13 nodes] heterogeneous Windows 2008/2008 R2 clusters, starting in 2009.  Leveraged Windows clusters to reduce hardware footprint and instance stacking for control of licenses.
Designed, implemented and documented Disaster Recovery standards for MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008 R2 and 2012 by implementing Log Shipping, Database Mirroring [DBM] and AlwaysOn.
Involved in the Microsoft Technology Adoption Program [TAP] for MS SQL Server 2012 [codename Denali].  This involved:
  Weekly calls with other TAP customers and sync-ups with Microsoft SQL Customer Advisory Team [CAT].
  Testing of new features such as AlwaysOn [new HA/DR offering] and columnstore in a test clustered.
  Feedback of bugs/improvements through Microsoft CONNECT.
Early adopter of MS SQL Server 2012 to facilitate the migration of a predictive analytics environment from Sybase IQ/MySQL.  Approximately 3TB of data was moved using SQL Server Data Tools &amp; SSIS 2012.  The data was sourced from either Sybase IQ 12.7/MySQL 5.1 using ODBC or flat file import.
Migrated MS SQL Server databases from Los Angeles  Seattle, using Database Mirroring, along with SQL Agent jobs and management tasks, in 2007.
Promoted and consolidated Dev Integration, Test, Demo and Performance MS SQL Server physical hosts onto Windows 2008/2008 R2 clusters.  This provided high availability using SQL Failover Cluster Instances [FCI] and reduced licensing costs by stacking of SQL.
Promoted, trained and documented the benefits of database design through TFS Database Projects to database administrators and developers.  This allowed for easy version control, rapid code development and transactional scripts to deploy databases environment.
Helped implement a new database Software Design Life Cycle [SDLC] in conjunction with development teams.  This new design allowed the developers to freely implement new code on their Dev Integration database environment while the database administration team was able to testing and provide feedback and identify performance bottlenecks through deployments to Test, Demo, and Performance environments.
Reviewed and updated the design of production database systems for both OLTP and Data Warehouse environments.  Provided guidance and documented best practices for as it relates to MS SQL Server table compression and partitioning.
Created, maintained and documented Perfmon data collection for production database environments.  The collections include OS [CPU, Memory and I/O Utilization] and MS SQL Server [batch requests, transactions per/second, latch waits, etc] which are storing in a relational database in real-time.  This data is then leveraged for real-time monitoring, escalation of performance issues to on-call personnel and historical trending.
Migrated Sybase ASE 12.5 databases to MS SQL Server 2005 using Sybase Replication Server.
Designed and implemented High Availability for MySQL 5.5.X on Linux by implementing a clone of Windows 2008 &amp; 2008 R2 cluster technology.
Designed, implemented and documented Disaster Recovery for MySQL 5.5.X on Linux by implementing replication.
Participated in the database administration team 24x7 on-call pager rotation.


Secure Computing Inc. [Acquisition of N2H2 Inc.]	Seattle, WA
Database Analyst III	October 2003 - September 2005
N2H2 Inc.	Seattle, WA
Senior DBA/Analyst	September 1999 - October 2003
Designed, built, administrated and documented the Sybase ASE 12.5 content filtering database environment known as CHAMP.
Designed, built, administrated and documented the Sybase database replication environment using the Sybase Replication Server 12.5.  The replication environment consisted of a warm standby and 6 normal replicants.
Designed and implement the CHAMP Sybase migration to the Smartfilter MS SQL Server 2000 environment using Data Transformation Services (DTS).
Reviewed, maintained and deployed the CHAMP and Smartfilter database design through CVS database script files.
Performed administration for all UNIX [Linux, Solaris] corporate systems such as database, web, DNS and mail systems.  Participated in the weekly 24x7 on-call pager rotation.
Built and updated tools using Perl/BASH to maintain the integrity of production systems.


Cellular Technical Services	Seattle, WA
DBA/Senior Production Support Analyst	June 1994 - September 1999
Involved in the design and QA of the real-time analog cellular fraud prevention system known as Blackbird and the pre-paid billing system known as Hotwatch.  Worked closely with engineering teams to ensure customer requests were correctly prioritized and tested.  Reviewed developer code and provided feedback.
Designed and maintained the DML and DDL for the Blackbird Sybase ASE 11 database environment.
Documented installation, maintenance and upgrade of the Blackbird and Hotwatch customer environments.
Performed administration for all UNIX [HP-UX] corporate systems such as database, web, DNS and mail systems.  Participated in the weekly 24x7 on-call pager rotation.
Trained technical support personnel on troubleshooting Blackbird and Hotwatch products.
Built and updated tools using Perl/BASH to maintain the integrity of core customer systems.


Professional Organizations
Professional Association of SQL Server - Pacific Northwest SQL Server User Group	2008 - Present
SQL PASS Conference	2008 - Present
	

Certification
Sybase ASE DBA	1997



  
    BASH
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    billing system
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    content
  
  
    CPU
  
  
    CVS
    version control
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    DTS
  
  
    Data Warehouse
  
  
    database administration
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    database design
  
  
    DBM
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    DML
  
  
    DNS
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    features
  
  
    for MS
  
  
    HP-UX
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Memory
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    migration
  
  
    MySQL
    MySQL 5.5.X
    MySQL 5.1
  
  
    ODBC
  
  
    OS
  
  
    DBA
  
  
    developer
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    processes
  
  
    progress
  
  
    QA
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    relational database
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    scripts
    script
  
  
    Shipping
  
  
    Software Design
  
  
    Solaris
  
  
    Microsoft SQL
    MS SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    upgrade
  


