
Andrew Press
714.872.0885
APress04@yahoo.com


Education

San Jose State University    
M.A. Counselor Education

California State University Long Beach			
BA: History and Political Science 

Technical Skills

Software:  Windows 2000/XP/7 operating systems, Microsoft Office 2010: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, typing speed 55 wpm. 

Professional Summary

Successful Teacher, Coach, Mentor and Counselor with over 10 years of experience handling students and athletes day to day, highlights include:
Organized in scheduling meetings and upholding great communication. 
Skilled in evaluating needs and developing student-focused teaching strategies and educational plans. 
Proficient in involving, motivating, and leading students to achieve goals. 
Extensive experience working with youth, both street children and private school students. 
Proven ability to control large groups of children and create an environment conducive to learning. 
Taught English and Social Sciences to a wide range of students

Experience 

Mills High School, Millbrae CA		       	        			  10/2005-4/2011
Basketball Coach 

Organized, and lead Boys' Basketball team to playoffs throughout multiple seasons.
Facilitated practices and team environment to ensure a successful and lasting learning experience.
Implemented various classroom management techniques for maintaining student attention, involvement, and discipline.



The Foundry Community School, San Jose CA			           		      06/2008 - 06/2009 
Guidance Counselor

Worked closely with an at risk youth community guiding and counseling high school-level students.
Organized and led group sessions, including Anger Management, Job Preparation, and Group Dynamics. 
Performed individual transcript evaluation and counseling.
Evaluated and maintained new student intake and scheduling.
Utilize multiple assessments in compliance with district and state requirements to inform instruction.
Worked multiple site-locations to ensure every student within the organization could be assisted. 


School for Independent Learners, San Jose CA		                    		 06/2006 - 07/2008
Teacher 

Organized, instructed, and facilitated crossover classes at a high school level between History and English 
Use innovative methods and materials to produce effective learning experiences including cooperative learning, thematic instruction and differentiation.  
Taught students basic application software usage, such as Microsoft Windows, Word, PowerPoint, Internet access using various search engines through browser programs.
Prepared assignments for student reports; assisted students in organizing and writing research findings, bibliographies and final reports.
Partnered with parents in students' success; provided feedback on students' progress and to discuss areas needing improvement and additional work.


Volunteer Work

Africa, Zambia- Salvation House							2009/2010
Community Service Learning Project- Certificate of Completion
Follow up research study in Zambia					                                


Mentoring, San Jose/Oakland CA		  	              				  2008 -2009
Ben Rodriguez
 Guided this at-risk youth in learning how to be successful in society, helped obtain and keep a job.  








  
    basic
  
  
    counseling
  
  
    English
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    Internet access
  
  
    letters
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Professional
    Microsoft Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Windows
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    Word
  
  
    search engines
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    progress
  
  
    research
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    55 wpm
    typing speed
  


