
P.O. Box 322
Clute, Texas 77531	
E-mail Silvia@mail2artist.com
Silvia M. Hendrix
Phone 870-279-7008
Summary	Using administrative and teaching experience to handle diverse responsibilities. Capable of handling multiple tasks by communicating and organizing schedules that change frequently.




Accomplishments	Developing museum procedures to keep records of objects, and archives that have been given or purchased; designing logos, brochures, exhibits, and organizing tours; grant writing and receiving fellowship to attend the annual American Association of Museums conference in Houston; developing and planning kiosk software content and exhibit. Create architectural drawing of a small scaled 1896 historical lighthouse. Constructed by welding and building to completion. Creating documentary about history of community theatre. Before working at the museum in Freeport I was a special education teacher for the past 6 years and I've just completed my Masters in Education Administration. 







Employment












Van Vleck ISD
132 S. 4tth Street  Van Vleck, TX.
Special Education HS Teacher          

At Van Vleck, teaching English language Arts and social studies to special education resource students, developing IEP's, and attending ARD meetings, consisted of my major responsibilities. Last year I began teaching all subjects to resource students, (except US. History and government) still continued to create IEP's for students and delivered the lesson plans through instruction. In June of 2008 I enrolled into Lamar's Academic Master's Degree Program to gain knowledge and enrichment in the field of education. Currently the Lead Special Education teacher for the high school, I've implemented IEP's for both resource and mainstreamed students; making sure the teachers receive the modifications; communicating with administrators and the high school counselor, and being a part of the ARD MEETINGS. In addition to these duties, I teach all subjects in the resource classroom. Modifying high school subjects, assignments and grades, I have also assessed students IEP progress reports. Also communicate and collaborate with the paraprofessional staff on campus as well as the junior high school special education staff from OH Herman Middle school. 

August 2006- June 2007                                                Brazosport ISD

Early Childhood Special Education Teacher       
Jane Long Elementary

Created IEP's, attended ARD meetings, and maintained the delivery of instruction and activities for all special needs preschool learners.


August 2004- May 2006                                                         Donna ISD

Special Ed. Resource Teacher/Inclusion         
 P.S. Garza Elementary
First year I started as a special education paraprofessional. Latter in November I became a resource math teacher for the school. The following year I was the lead special education teacher and created schedules for paraprofessionals to assist special needs students inside the classroom.


March 2003-June 2003                                                 
IDEA Academy
Ceramic Art Teacher                                                    
 Donna, Texas

Developed curriculum and instruction for elementary students to learn and create hands on ceramics and prepare for local art show.  


January 1999-April 1999                                     
Cossatott Community      College of Dequeen Arkansas                         (University of Arkansas)

Taught adult students, still life beginning drawing for a semester, using pencil, charcoal and colored pencil. 








Education	
Lamar University           June 2008- February 2010        Beaumont,  Texas           
Masters of Educational Administration

Brazosport College         July 2007-August 2007        Lake Jackson, Texas
3 credit hrs Spanish II

South Texas College          June 2004-August 2005            McAllen, Texas
3 credit hrs Spanish I

Colombia College            January 1979-August 1987         Chicago, Illinois
Bachelors of Arts







  
    Academic
  
  
    Arts
    art
  
  
    counselor
  
  
    credit
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    English
  
  
    Fine Art
  
  
    government
  
  
    drawing
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    interior design
  
  
    math
  
  
    MEETINGS
    meetings
  
  
    power point
  
  
    pencil
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Spanish I
    Spanish II
  
  
    teacher
    teaching
  
  
    phone
  
  
    Theatre
    theatre
  


