
RICK D. Mc INTOSH
15331 104TH Way SE                                                                                                
Yelm, WA 98597                                                                                                                                                Mft243@gmail.com
Cell: (360) 870-0676, Home:  (360) 400-4030

TRAINING &amp; ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGER, COMPUTER TECHNICIAN
 Active Secret Security Clearance

A dynamic, self-driven and goal-focused Management and Computer Professional with 18+ year as a US Army veteran, offering insightful leadership and expertise critical to leading challenging, high-risk operations in urban environments throughout the Middle East.  Recognized as an astute analyst, strategic thinker, and creative problem solver with a proven track record working with and leading multinational military teams and security forces.  Demonstrated capability to plan, organize and complete major projects and activities.  Expertise also includes training, biometrics, ground surveillance system operations, vehicle and equipment maintenance, facilities operations, and a background as an Emergency Medical Technician. Trained and experienced in supply and logistics management.

Inventory Management
Reporting &amp; Documentation
Maintenance Planning &amp; Scheduling
Facility &amp; Equipment Management
Customer Service	Operations Planning and Implementation
Training Development &amp; Delivery
Personnel Organization &amp; Supervision
Computer Hardware &amp; Software Knowledge
Communication &amp; Team Leadership	


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
	
Northrop Grumman, Iraq; July, 2009 - November, 2009
Support Biometric Tactical Systems (TBS) contract at various sites throughout Iraq. Provide biometric enrollment services for people requesting access to the base. Travel within Iraq across sites will be required depending on mission needs.  Selected candidates will work directly with US Military, Iraqi and third country national civilian personnel.
Accomplished 3000 enrollments in 4 days with 5 enrollment stations

Operations Officer, Base Security Manager
Special Operations Consulting, Minden, NV, Iraq; September, 2008 - June, 2009
Provided training, planning and leadership for force protection missions in support of a multimillion dollar contract.  Motivated, trained, and supported a team of 49 US and 371 Ugandan employees.  Duties included skills training, personnel and resource management, threat analysis and planning, logistics management, and ensuring full compliance with Department of Defense (DoD) and local regulations/guidelines.
Managed the operation of an Entry Control Point, static interior positions, roving patrols and tower operations to ensure the security and safety of the base and its' personnel. 
Trained personnel to respond to routine and emergency situations, including the use of force and providing emergency medical procedures, in order to protect life and equipment.
Assessed personnel capabilities and training needs and directed weapons training and qualification.
Coordinated and presented weekly briefings and presentations to key decision makers providing Department of Defense Threat Analysis, ensuring the secure transmission of classified material.

Administration &amp; Supply Non Commissioned Officer
United States Army, 5 - 19th Special Forces Group, Worldwide; June, 1999 - August, 2008 
Managed a wide range of administrative and supply functions enabling efficient operations for a Special Forces operational training and deploying operationally in the United States and overseas.  Managed a DoD Government Credit Card program valued at $1.5M.  Created and administered assigned personnel records, managed other administrative program requirements and functions.  Provided primary occupational training and cross training to personnel in administrative and financial processes and procedures.  Oversaw and performed facility maintenance including assigned vehicles and associated equipment.
Resolved complex payroll issues and errors sustaining morale and ensuring fairness. 
As a Supply NCO, managed the inventory and issue of personal and company equipment to authorized personnel, safeguarding more than $4M worth of property.
As a Logistics and Administrative NCO, provided support and guidance during the response to Hurricane Katrina including patrols and physical security in challenging situations. 
Developed a new procedure to streamline processing requirements and reduced travel expense delinquency by 28%.

EDUCATION

Life-Learning Degree, Business Administration, Hill University, 2009
Certificate of Culinary Arts, Western Culinary Institute, Portland, OR, 1994

CERTIFICATIONS, TRAINING &amp; PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT	

A+, 2010 - Network +, 2010 - BAT Biometric System Administrator, 2009 - Biometric Identification System for Access, 2009 - Biometric Automated Toolset, 2009 - Handheld Interagency Detection Equipment, 2009 - Hazardous Material &amp; Waste Management Certification, 2007 - Unit Supply Course (92Y), 2007 - Pre-hospital Trauma Life Support, 2007 - EMT Basic Refresher Course, 2006 - Basic Noncommissioned Officer's Course I-III, 2006 - Human Resources Course (42A), 2005 - Microsoft Office Certification, 2005 - Chemical Enhanced Response Force Package, 2004-2006
	
MILITARY AWARDS &amp; RECOGNITION 

Army Commendation Medal - Army Achievement Medal (2) - National Defense Service Medal - 
Global War on Terrorism Medal - Army Service Ribbon - Army Reserve Component Overseas Training Ribbon - Parachutist Badge - Air Assault Badge

Marine Corp Certificate of Appreciation


















  
    Administrative
    administrative
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    Arts
  
  
    billing
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    Database
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Government
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Logistics
    logistics
  
  
    Access
    access
  
  
    weapons
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    network architecture
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    safety
  
  
    software support
  
  
    theatre
  
  
    transmission
  


