
                                           SMITA NEVATIA

                                        smitanev@gmail.com


Competencies:
        Extensive international and national experience in the area of Recruiting, HR, customer service
        and localization/mapping
        10+ years of business management, human resources, corporate training and staffing
        experience
        2 years localization and mapping experience
        Excellent written and verbal communication skills in multiple languages such as:
             German, French, English, Hindi
        Good team lead and management skills along with customer support experience

Professional Experience:
Personic Software, (VXL Solutions), Palo Alto, CA                                Mar 2007 - Mar 2010
Sr Recruiter
Personic is a Consulting company providing Staffing needs and technical accounting services
     Recruited for positions primarily in Finance and Accounting and Engineering (LinkedIn)
     Business development and sales calls to acquire new clients

Slide Inc. (acquired by Google Inc.) San Francisco, CA                           Nov 2005 &#173; Mar 2007
Sr Recruiter
Slide is a Web 2.0. Social Network Software Company
I filled various positions in Engineering, Marketing, Finance, and Support, while working with various
job boards such as Hot jobs, Dice, Monster, Craigslist, Careerbuilder and establishing networking
groups with Kit List and Linked In. I managed full-lifecycle recruiting process for employee and contract
positions:
       Created job descriptions and posted on company's website and job boards
       Sourced, screened and evaluated quality candidates, met candidates in person
       Updated applicant tracking system on a daily basis
       Worked with internal database, job boards, referrals for sourcing potential candidates
       Coordinated the pre-interview and interview process, scheduled phone and on-site interviews
          and collected feedback from hiring managers
       Conducted reference checks, presented offers and on-boarding of new hires
       Key accomplishment: Hired 25 new employees in short period of time


VXL Solutions, Foster City, CA                                                    Jul 1998 &#173; Oct 2005
Recruiting/HR Manager
VXL Solutions is an Internet recruiting company for high-tech companies in information technology,
telecommunications, and other technical and professional fields. VXL provides technical staffing
solutions specializing on positions in Engineering, Marketing, Business Development, PR and Sales.
     Managed a team of multiple employees &#173; trained them on various software and business
        aspects of recruiting
     Provided full life cycle recruiting services, from business development to close.
     Expanded customer base from large enterprise to small startups.
     Established key partnerships with other agencies and job boards.
     Managed all aspects of the company including financials, marketing and sales.
     Primarily responsible for New Business Development and partnerships.


AT Systems Inc., (acquired by TMP Worldwide Inc.), Brisbane, CA:                  Jan 1996 &#173; Jun 1998
Recruiting Manager
AT Systems Inc. was a software consulting/contracting firm for the client-server industry.
Supported the entire sales team in meeting their clients recruiting needs (contract and full-time
positions in engineering, product marketing, business developers etc.)
     Built and managed a team of five members from ground up
     Provided extensive training to employees and customers on HR/recruiting software and
        concepts.
     Planned, developed and utilized recruiting strategies such as internal referrals, networking,
        Internet sourcing, college recruiting, and job posting. Managed relationship with independent
        recruiters and recruiting agencies. Negotiated rates and salaries took care of contract
        agreements and generated/sent all offers to potential employees, contractors and interns.
     Canvassed resumes, interviewed candidates and assisted in the selection process
     Managed existing accounts, explored and acquired new accounts by cold calling


NIMEX AG, Zurich, Switzerland                                             Oct 1993 &#173; Jan 1995
Product Marketing Manager:
Nimex is a large Importer of consumer products, toys and electronics in the Swiss market.
    Placed consumer product orders for goods from Asia. Conducted product presentations and
        sold products to local retailers in Europe.

Education:
Certificate in Marketing, UC Berkeley Extension, Berkeley, and CA. Sept. 1997
ESL Certificate (English as Second Language), San Jose State University, CA. August 1991- January 1991
KV Zurich Business School, Switzerland, April 1990
(Federal Diploma - Equivalent to: Bachelor of Arts in Business &amp; Marketing)

Computer skills:
    Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook. Google products and
      internal software tool for Google maps
    Experience with HRIS-and Time/Expense Management Applicant Tracking systems: ADP,
      Appmail, EZAccess, Sendouts
    Networking groups -Linkedin and job boards - Dice, Hotjobs, Craigslist, Monster, Careerbuilder

References:     Furnished upon request



  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    ADP
  
  
    Business development
    business development
    Business Development
  
  
    client-server
  
  
    cold calling
  
  
    CA
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    database
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    English
  
  
    Finance
    financials
  
  
    French
  
  
    full life cycle
  
  
    functional
  
  
    German
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    HRIS
  
  
    HR
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    Italian
  
  
    languages
  
  
    team lead
  
  
    management skills
  
  
    marketing
    market
    product marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Microsoft Office - Word
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Network
    Networking
    networking
  
  
    New Business Development
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    PR
  
  
    processes
  
  
    product management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality control
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Staffing
    staffing
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    phone
  
  
    translation
    translations
  
  
    verbal communication skills
  
  
    website
  
  
    Excellent written
  


