
Nariman M. Panahian
Page 1




                                       NARIMAN M. PANAHIAN
                                       PhD, PMP, NPDP, RAC

                                       19011 Gallop Drive
                                       Germantown, MD 20874, USA
                                       240.476.7600 direct
                                       narimanp@comcast.net


SUMMARY:               Nariman is an experienced project director &#173; life scientist, looking for a new leadership role.
                       His areas of expertise include management of complex biotechnology projects, new product
                       development, CMC regulatory affairs and accelerating timelines to new product launch.

               Achievements:
                Diverse new product development, project management, strategy development, CMC and regulatory
                  affairs experience includes therapeutic antibodies, vaccines, MCMs, diagnostic antibodies, small-
                  molecules and neuroprotective drugs
                Reviewer and contributor to The Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK Guide) -Fourth
                  edition- a recognized standard for the project management profession world-wide (in circulation since
                  01/2009).
                Demonstrated ability to integrate corporate strategy with project schedules for deliverables and their
                  Stage-Gate transition towards new product launch
                New product portfolio management, program management, cross-functional team leadership roles in
                  projects within different therapeutic areas: infectious diseases, biodefense, inflammatory, neurology,
                  oncology, pulmonary- COPD and Tuberculosis
                Strong coaching, mentoring and stakeholder management skills with demonstrated ability to lead
                  through a process of growth and change

EXPERIENCE:
9/00 to        INFORMAX, INC., Bethesda, MD, USA
5/02           Biosystems Analyst, Project Manager - Bioinformatics, Department R&amp;D
                Tested and validated second generation VNTI backtranslation tool. VNTI software was a best-seller,
                  sold to more than 30,000 researchers world-wide with interest in microbial and viral DNA and
                  proteins
                Helped launch several new versions of InforMax's flagship software products: VNTI and GenoMax.
                Responsible for an annual budget of $1.1 million
Nariman M. Panahian
Page 4




11/00 to       UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER, Rochester, New York
10/01          Adjunct assistant professor, Biochemistry, Biophysics and Neurosciences

7/95 to        UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER, Rochester, New York
9/00           Research Assistant Professor, Dept. Biochemistry and Biophysics, Dept. of Neurology, University of
               Rochester Medical Center, Strong Memorial Hospital
                Published &amp; co-authored 11 papers in high impact peer-reviewed journals
                Successful grant writing, numerous approved IACUC protocols, set-up GLP
                American Heart Association grant support for Treatment of stroke with HSVCMVbcl2 and
                  AdCMVHO-1FLAG constructs and determining construct/viral vector immunogenicity
                Reported organ protection by heat shock proteins, small-molecules and heme oxygenase-1 inducer &amp;
                  free radical scavenger -Phenyl-tert-Butyl-Nitrone (-PBN)
                Demonstrated organ protection with small-molecules: glutathione, NO-donors, biliverdin and cGMP
                Described novel protective mechanism for small-molecule methyl-prednisolone in spinal cord injury
                  via activation of glucocorticoid response element of heme oxygenase-2 (HO-2). This finding had
                  great clinical relevance for treatment of spinal cord injury in patients within the 8 hr therapeutic
                  window
                Developed diagnostic antibody staining protocols for Stressgen (available from
                  www.assaydesigns.com)
                Served as a reviewer for Stroke Journal and as a guest reviewer for Neuroscience Letters and JCBF.

               Consulting and New Product Launch experience:
                Ongoing pre-clinical and clinical neuroprotection studies and collaborations with Astra Arcus USA,
                  Sangstat, Neurex (now Elan), ACEA Pharmaceuticals, SRI International, Centaur-Renovis
                Diagnostic antibodies: Stressgen, Inc. (3B8C8- anti-HO1 monoclonal AB, anti-BVR &amp; anti-HO-2
                  polyclonal AB)
                Life support equipment, monitoring equipment, stereomicroscopes and microsurgery: CWE, Inc.,
                  Kramer Scientific, Stoelting and Fine Science Tools (FST)

4/93 to        HARVARD MEDICAL SCHOOL, MASS GENERAL HOSPITAL, Boston, MA
6/95           Senior Postdoctoral Fellow-officer, Neuroscience Center, MGH, Boston, MA
                Demonstrated and published potent protective properties of a new drug, free radical scavenger, small-
                  molecule -PBN
                Reported amelioration of ischemic injury in nNOS gene mutants (Science 1994; 265(5180):1883-5)
                Adapted PowerLab laboratory information management system (LIMs) for on-line data recording,
                  retrieval and analysis
                Demonstrated potent protection against hippocampal experimental injury (e.g. clinical conditions
                  occurring after cardiac arrest, drowning or accidental electrocution) by Retroviral vectors expressing
                  nerve growth factor (MoMLV LN.8RNL NGF(+))
                Implemented improvements to Leica MZ-8 stereo microscope (Kramer Scientific), recommending
                  internal double-barrel coaxial illuminator and plan-apochromatic objective lenses to improve depth-
                  of-perception and surgical distance

1/91 to        STANFORD UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER, Stanford, CA
3/93           Fellow in Neurosurgery, Department of Neurosurgery Stanford University Medical Center
                Leverne K. Purcell scholarship fund recipient for drug discovery and development
                Identified NMDA receptor mediated neuroprotective properties of noncompetitive antagonists of
                   glutamate receptor of two clinical trial drugs: Dextrorphan and Dextromethorphan (sponsor: Hoffman
                   LaRoche, Clinical CNS Research Unit) and competitive antagonist, pre-clinical drug CGS-19755
                   (sponsor: Ciba-Geigy, now Novartis company)
Nariman M. Panahian
Page 5




                      Worked directly with Clinical investigators as a co-investigator, preparing drug development plans
                      and designing toxicology experiments
                      Used novel multivariate statistical approaches for analysis of clinical data
                      Independently operated a 1.5 Tesla GE MRI machine
                      Tested and suggested improvements to prototypes of a mechanically detachable coil for the treatment
                      of aneurysms and occlusion of tumorous blood vessels for Target Therapeutics, Inc.(a division of
                      Boston Scientific Corp; AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 1994 May;15(5):821-7)

9/89 to        COOPER MEDICAL, INC., DIV. LASER ULTRASONIC, New York, NY
11/90          Scientist &#173; contractor, Neurosurgery Research Labs at the Bellevue Hospital, NYU, NY
                Prototype development, testing and validation of Cooper Ultrasonic Surgical Aspirator/Scalpel
                   (CUSA) for removal of deep seated brain tumors (Cooper Laser-Ultrasonic)
                Evaluated potent calcium channel blocker - immunosuppressant Cyclosporin-A (Sandoz) in
                   experimental spinal cord injury (at NYU)
                Participated in preclinical evaluation of Methyl-Prednisolone, Lazaroid (Tirilazad-Upjohn) in spinal
                   cord injury and statistical interpretation of data for NASCIS clinical trials (at NYU)

12/88 to       UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA, Twin Cities, MN
05/89          Honorary Fellow, Department of Cell Biology and Neuroanatomy
                Worked on novel techniques and perfusion solutions to facilitate yield and optimize viability of donor
                  pancreatic islets after their isolation with collagenase
                Developed and formulated chelating solutions and used retrograde organ perfusion technique to
                  isolate donor hepatocytes for allogenic transplantation studies

9/87 to        NATIONAL RESEARCH CENTER OF SURGERY, Moscow, Russia
9/88           Junior Scientist
                Involved in pre-clinical studies of synthetic enkephalins
                Evaluated surgical vascular stapling devices, novel endovascular catheters and tissue adhesives in the
                   clinic
                Attended classes in Chemical and Radiological civilian defense

CITIZENSHIP:

               United States of America

EDUCATION:

               Semashko Moscow Medical Institute, Moscow, Russia
               (Currently one of the Institutes of Moscow Medical Academy "I.M. Sechenov")
               M.D. Qualified as General Physician      Completed With Honors

               Russian State Medical University, Moscow, Russia
               Ph.D., Dept. of Topographical Anatomy, Cell Biology and Experimental Medicine
               Thesis title: "Haemodynamic, structural and functional changes in the liver after intravascular
               administration of islets of Langerhans for the treatment of experimental diabetes."

               Stanford University Medical Center, Stanford, CA
               Diploma, Completion of Postgraduate Medical Studies

               Certifications / Licensures
                Regulatory Affairs Board Certified (RAC &#173; US; January/2010)
Nariman M. Panahian
Page 6




                      New Product Development Professional (NPDP) from Product Development and Management
                      Association (PDMA; October 2008)
                      Project Management Professional (PMP# 315087) from Project Management Institute (PMI, 2005)
                      Certificates in Radiation protection program training: sources and control of ionizing radiation,
                      exposure control, safe handling of radioactive material, personnel monitoring, surveys and radioactive
                      waste management, University of Minnesota, 03/13/1989 additional courses taken at the University of
                      Rochester, in 1995 and 1997, certified user of Seintl radiation monitors and dosimeters.


SOCIETY MEMBERSHIP:
           Regulatory Affairs Professional Society (RAPS)
           PMIWDC chapter
           Product Development and Management Association (PDMA)
           Project Management Institute (PMI)

GRANT SUPPORT / AWARDS:
           American Heart Association Grant-in-Aid award recipient (#960162 1996-1999): "Hypoxia
            responsive gene therapy in the treatment of focal cerebral ischemia"
           Training Grant in Geriatrics and Neurobiology of Aging (NIA T32 AG00107-13 1995-1997)
           Lucille P. Markey Charitable Trust Award (#91-24 1996-1997)
           Dean's Fellowship award (# 1HAA 234 94799) in pharmacology and electrophysiology of preclinical
            neuroprotection in stroke
           Leverne Purcell Foundation Award, Stanford University Medical Center (1991-1993)

PEER-REVIEWED JOURNAL ARTICLES:
           Twenty five Peer-reviewed papers, brief communications and editorial comments published (listed in
            Medline and related databases)
           Publications in Russian: Panahian N, Zhidkov IL, Ostroverkhov GE, Maliugin EF (1986) Liver
            haemodynamics after intravascular transplantation of the pancreatic islets. VINITI N8332-B-86.

PUBLISHED BOOK CHAPTERS:
           Panahian N: Models of focal brain ischemia. In: Current Protocols in Toxicology eds. Costa L, Reed DJ,
           et al., Wiley, (Published November, 2000), Supplement 6, pp. 11.9.1-11.9.26.

               Panahian N: Models of global cerebral ischemia: Current Protocols in Toxicology eds. Costa L., Reed
               D.J., et al., Wiley, (Published, August, 2000), Supplement 5, pp.11.8.1 -11.8.24.

               Mahin Maines &amp; Nariman Panahian: The heme oxygenase system and cellular defense mechanisms.
               Hypoxia from genes to the bedside (Published January 31, 2002) Roach RC, Wagner PD, Hackett PH eds.
               Advances in Experimental Medicine and Biology Vol.502, Chapter 17, p.249-272. ISBN-10: 0306466961


               01Apr12



  
    21CFR part 11
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    budget
  
  
    bi
  
  
    change management
  
  
    com
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    concept
  
  
    Consultant
    Consulting
  
  
    clients
  
  
    data management
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Department of Health
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Product Development
    product
          development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Downstream
    downstream
  
  
    forms
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    GLP
  
  
    GMP
  
  
    grant writing
  
  
    hr
  
  
    IND
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    ISO 9001
  
  
    Laser
  
  
    Letters
  
  
    laboratory information management system
    LIMs
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    window
  
  
    MSI
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    new product
                         development
  
  
    next
  
  
    novel
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    pathway
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Program management
    program management
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    recording
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    risk assessment
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    robotic
  
  
    safety
  
  
    Scientific
  
  
    Six-Sigma
  
  
    SPSS v
  
  
    statistical process control
  
  
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    time management
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    upstream
  
  
    validation
  


