
 Charlene Q. Mobley
201 Railroad Avenue	
Winter Garden, FL 34787	
Home Telephone: (407) 656-1402
Mobile Telephone: (321) 634-2712 

OBJECTIVE	To secure a position with a professional organization and couple my experience
to promote its' directives. 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 
EDUCATION	West Orange High School, Winter Garden, FL 
	Academic Diploma, June 1978 
	Valencia Community College - 1993 
EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS 

01/05 - 07/05	Oakland Avenue Charter School 
	CUSTODIAN 
	Responsible for cleaning the classrooms, administrative offices and restrooms. 

08/03 - 07/05	Central Florida Flatbed, Inc., Orlando, FL 
	OFFICE ASSISTANT (Part-time) 
	Duties included preparing and processing invoices. Typed various correspondence and
maintained files. Confirmed and scheduled load deliveries with drivers and brokers for
various materials for in state and out-of-state. Prepared payroll and processed mail.
Ordered supplies for trucks and company. 
	
10/7/02 - 07/03	AfterHours FormalWear, Winter Garden, FL	
	PRODUCTION ASSISTANT 
	Responsible for quality control of shoes. Assisted when needed in other departments. 

01/7/02 - 02/03 	Family Specialized Landscaping, Winter Garden, FL 
	OFFICE ASSISTANT 
	Primarily responsible for the preparation of proposals, contracts and invoice processing
to include telephone representation, appointment scheduling, filing of documents and
payroll preparation. 

5/4/01 - 11/27/01	Aneco Electrical Construction, Inc., Orlando, FL 
	PROJECT SECRETARY 
	Provided administrative support to the Project Manager, Project Engineers,
Superintendent, and Field Staff for the Grande Lakes Resort Project. Provided quick and
quality call service for answering of the telephones. Prepared and distributed all mail.
Ordered office supplies and drawings. Organized and maintain filing system of all
correspondence; including RFI's (Owners and Subcontractors), PCO's, Meeting Minutes,
Schedules (pour and panel boards), and Purchase Orders. 

12/1/00 - 5/04/01	Spherion 
	ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 
5900 Lake Eleanor Dr., &amp; 5728 Major Blvd., Orlando, FL 

  
5/8/00 - 11/27/00	Hunt Construction Group, Orlando, FL 
	ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 
	Worked at the Hard Rock Hotel Project. I provided administrative support to the Project
Manager, Engineers, Superintendents, and Field Staff. I handle all correspondence to
Owners and Subcontractors. My duties included: Assisting with RFI's, PCO's, and
Directives. Preparation and distribution of mail, maintain files, and provide telephone
coverage for 6 lines. Familiar with construction industry and forms. 

10/99 - 02/00	Cecil O. Robertson, M.D. Hematology &amp; Oncology 
	OFFICE ASSISTANT/MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTIONIST 
	Scheduled patient appointments, tests and manned incoming inquiries on telephone.
Transcribed medical notes. 

11/96 - 01/99	City of Orlando, Orlando, FL 
	ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT, Minority Business Enterprise Department 
	Provided principal secretarial support for the Minority Business Enterprise
Director/Assistant Purchasing Director. Maintain Director calendar, schedule tentative
appointment; advises Director and staff of important meetings; prepare travel arrangements
for Director and staff. Assists in the preparation of the annual budget, payroll
reporting, and monitors expenditure records. Compile and prepare detail financial
statistical, and/or other specialized reports; tabulates totals and verifies figures. 

04/95 - 11/96	City of Orlando, Orlando, FL 
	SECRETARY, Community &amp; Youth Services Department 
	Perform complex administrative and clerical work of a diverse nature. Provide
secretarial and AS400 support for 15 recreation centers and 2 senior centers,, which
includes facility supervisors, recreation specialist and coordinators. Transcribe reports,
minutes and other material. Provide principal support for the Assistant Recreation Bureau
Chief and 6 Program Managers. Also answered Recreation Hotline, which provides citizens
with information of programs offered at the various Centers. 

07/86 - 04/95	City of Orlando, Orlando, FL 
	WORD PROCESSING SPECIALIST, Finance Department 
	Maintain, coordinate, instruct and supervise the operation of the Word Processing Center
to insure efficiency, machine maintenance, and file security. Provide word processing for
the entire Finance Department, which include the following areas of operation: Director of
Finance, Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer, Real estate, Revenue Collection, Occupational
License, Payroll, Accounting &amp; Control, and Financial Reporting. . Design the following
forms for citywide use on the Network: Travel Voucher, Check Request, Emergency Check
Request, Petty Cash/Change Fund, Replenishment of Petty Cash, Contract Payment, Payment of
Invoice and Credit Charge. Design multi-page publications and produce lengthy financial
reports. Also served as backup for the Director of Finance and Treasurer Secretary.
Provided telephone and filing assistance. Maintained the Deferred Compensation files for
the City of Orlando. 

09/85 - 07/86	City of Orlando, Orlando, FL 
	WORD PROCESSING SPECIALLIST, Bureau of Planning &amp; Zoning 
	Provided direct word processing and secretarial support to all program centers
withintheureau of Planning and Zoning. 

  
SKILLS	Typing 70-75 wpm. I have experience working with various computer programs,
software and printers. 

  
  
References and salary history available upon request.  



  
    Accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    backup
  
  
    budget
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Financial Reporting
  
  
    forms
  
  
    hr
  
  
    notes
  
  
    Director
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network
  
  
    page
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    printers
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    quick
  
  
    Real estate
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    RFI
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    secretarial
  
  
    telephone
    telephones
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    Typing
  
  
    Word Processing
    word processing
  


