
Tyrone Haynes
4351 Vallie Court  Macon, GA 31204    H: (478) 471-6936  C: (404) 216-8851  Haynes171@yahoo.com

DIGITAL MEDIA SPECIALIST    VIDEO PRODUCTION  
Friendly, outgoing professional with experience in producing video and information technology 
is seeking a position with an innovative organization that supports professional development
 and advancement of progressive, goal-oriented employees.
	

Education
Bachelor of Arts, Media Production, American Intercontinental University, Atlanta, GA, 
 
Certifications
A+ Certification (Hardware), A+ Certification (Software)


Professional Experience
Help Desk Support Specialist, American Intercontinental University, Atlanta, GA 	03/2007 - 12/2009
Monitored computer labs, and helped students with computer problems and questions.
Worked independently or with peers on computer server problems.
Answered, evaluated and prioritized telephone, voicemail, emails, and in-person requests for support.
Resolved hardware, software, networking and computer-related technologies, and course software.
Interviewed students to collect information about problems and performed diagnostic procedures to determine causes.
Handled research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up for routine customer problems, escalating more complex problems to the supervisor or other technical team members.
Initiated and tracked calls using problem management software, and maintained history records.

AmeriCorps Macon Police Cadet, Macon Police Department, Macon, GA 	03/2005 - 12/2006
Patrolled assigned neighborhood areas via bicycle.
Conducted Crime Prevention meetings with neighborhood residents.
Analyzed and tested solutions to neighborhood problems.
Conducted surveys in person and via telephone.
Assisted Police Athletic League (PAL) programs with at-risk youth.

Communications-Engineering Technician, Cumulous Broadcasting, Macon, GA            6/2004 - 02/2005
Performed board operations during live broadcasts and edit broadcasts.
Participated in on-site promotions for local businesses throughout middle Georgia.
Programmed on-air commercials for the AM morning radio broadcast. 

Level I Dispatcher / Analyst / Specialist, Georgia Forestry Commission, Macon, GA       4/2002-6/2004
Patrolled the computer network, using the WS Watch program, to ensure network security.
Answered customer calls statewide, and evaluated to resolve problem or to escalate to higher-level. 
Utilized several diagnostic programs, such as Microsoft NetMeeting, CA Control IT, and TrackIT to take control of client's computer and effective solve problems.
Maintained, troubleshot, and repaired on-site PCs, ensuring operation.

Tyrone Haynes
4351 Vallie Court   Macon, GA 31204    H: (478) 471-6936  C: (404) 216-8851   Haynes171@yahoo.com


Dear Hiring Firm:

I am writing to explore hiring opportunities within your organization. I have enclosed my resume for your review and consideration.

I enjoy learning and applying new skills and technologies in a work environment and assisting in troubleshooting of computers utilizing critical thinking skills. I also work well with people of diverse backgrounds, cultures, and professional levels. Currently, I have a Bachelor of Arts in Media Production and I'm very proficient in the art of making audio and video productions.

My technology skills include Microsoft Windows 7, Vista, Windows XP, 2000 Advanced Server Family, Windows 2003, and Office 2007. I am proficient in a variety of networking and software programs and applications. I believe that given the opportunity, I would become a viable asset to your organization in the areas of information technology, help desk, and customer service.  

If you have any questions, or would like to contact me for further information or to schedule an interview, please feel free. I look forward to meeting with you to discuss the mutual benefit of our association.

Thank you for your careful consideration.

Sincerely,



Tyrone Haynes



  
    A+ Certification
  
  
    audio
  
  
    automation
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    CA
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
  
  
    edit
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft NetMeeting
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Microsoft Windows 7
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    network security
  
  
    network
    networking
  
  
    PAL
  
  
    cameras
  
  
    Police
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    radio
  
  
    research
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    switch
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    TrackIT
  
  
    video
  
  
    Vista
  


