
Alan Algreen
							2024 105th Street
aalgreen1@gmail.com					            Earlham, IA 50072
Cell  515 229 0583
			Operations Analyst/Administrator/Developer
QUALIFICATIONS 
More than 20 years of experience in print and data center environments. I began working with
printing of output, distribution, and quality control.  I have worked console operations, and for a time was the Night Supervisor of Operations.  In 1997, I became the Operations Support Analyst.  This started with the supervision of the forms inventory, management of all hardware and environmental controls in the print and data center facilities, and finding effective means to streamlining processes within computer operations.  I eventually took on the reporting and analysis of all operations activities as well as the administration of the Operations Management database, a problem tracking and reporting system.  This involves creation of adhoc queries, monthly reporting, updating the MIS intra-net webpage, and incident tracking and resolution. I have worked with a variety of software applications.  These include Microsoft Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Crystal Reporting, Peregrine Service Center, and Macromedia Dreamweaver.  Familiar with UNIX, HP3000, and AS400 platforms.  

ROLES and RESPONSIBILITIES
More recently my responsibilities have progressed to provide more software administrative and development support, as well as providing support for other applications as needed.  This includes help in supporting COLD,  CDE,  Vertices media management systems, and CA Servicedesk.  I provide development and support of Solimar SPDE and Business Objects.  I have provided training to many colleagues, created strong working relationships, and have consistently produced exceptional results

EXPERIENCE
Solimar SPDE - Develop and support all print applications.  Configurations created in SPDE to provide processing of printfiles from multiple sources with differing data formats.
Business Objects(Crystal) - Administer and support of the application.
Vertices -  Administer of this media management application
CA Service Desk - Administer of the incident management system

EDUCATION
BS in Agriculture Business, Northwest Missouri State University
Computer Programming, Business Institute of Technology


EMPLOYMENT
1986-1989	   Computer Operations, Electronic Data Systems
                   Started as an Operator.  Promoted to Lead Operator.

Operator,  Lead Operator, Night Supervisor from 1990-1996, Production                       Scheduler  - 1997,  Operations Analyst/Support from 1997-2004, Software Administrator/Developer from 2004 - present.  



  
    administrative
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    Business Objects
  
  
    CA
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    computer operations
  
  
    Crystal
  
  
    database
  
  
    Macromedia Dreamweaver
  
  
    forms
  
  
    HP3000
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    Operations Management
  
  
    Peregrine
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Supervisor
    supervision
  
  
    UNIX
  


