
BILL ZDANKY
(408) 892-8092  
billzdanky@gmail.com                                                                                             http://www.linkedin.com/in/billzdanky
             

                                                                                                         
                                                                                                        
Summary

Semiconductor marketing professional with comprehensive domestic and international experience working for major corporations and small start-up companies.  Passion for working with sales and engineering to build a mutually beneficial relationship with end customer. Skilled in promoting value proposition of products to customers to make team successful.   Key skills include:

Business Planning and Development			
Tier One Customer Account Management
Customer and Sales Product Training   


Professional Experience

Silicon Storage Technology				                                                                              2001- 2010  
Senior Product Marketing Manager
Senior manager providing marketing management for SSDs (Solid State Drives), NAND flash controllers, 8051 based MCU products, and multi-chip memory products in North America. Appointed key lead for senior business director in headquarters meetings.  Provided company systems support for Shanghai marketing team.   

Increased NXP 8051 based MCU sales from $2.8M (2007) to $4.3M (2008)  via negotiations that reduced selling price, increased volume and implemented a service agreement providing improved logistical efficiencies and lowered costs by:
Enabled building to forecast with provisions to sell excess products.  
Established $10K non recurring engineering charge for low volume custom products.
Established procedure for addressing compensation for custom old date code product saving approximately $350K a year.  
Increased minimum order quantity 100%.
Directed cost reduction team on multi-chip products by coordinating efforts with test engineering to reduce test time and backend manufacturing reducing package cost, resulting in $300K saving in 2008.
Worked on SSD automotive initiative with engineering, quality, and legal. Responsibilities included generating the SSD FMEA report with design engineering, contributed to the Automotive Qualification document.
Drove Motorola multi-chip memory qualification for low end cell phone. 
Increased North American SSD sales from $200K in 2009 to $700K in 2010 by chairing weekly meetings with sales to identify opportunities and obstacles, determine plan, and assigning action items.  
Developed and implemented end of life sale strategies to achieve revenue and margin targets while eliminating inventory liability at MEI for $1.2M revenue at 55%GM, Wavecom, Trimble for $2.5M at 40% GM and NAND controllers at Motorola, last time buy $1.6M.
Secured SSD military design win at General Dynamics and worked with cross functional team on SSD design at Cisco.  
Generated product roadmaps, datasheets, press releases, and other collateral for SSDs, MCU, and multi-chip memory products. 
Delivered customer presentations and performed sales training in person and via webcasts, addressing pricing, delivery, quality and technical inquiries.       
Judged sales forecast, start wafers, monitor inventory levels and status to ensure revenue targets were met and correct inventory levels are maintained.
Worked on development of business plans and reserve analysis for Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. 


Atmel Corporation                                						                                    2000-2001
EPLD Tactical Marketing Manager

Worldwide EPLD responsibility for $1M in revenue and customers including Motorola, Nortel, Siemens and IBM.  
Worked with sales force to support qualification efforts at Nortel and Motorola and developed penetration plans for other accounts.   
Responded to RFQs, software requests, sample requests, made customer visits and presentations in addition to other tactical issues for Eastern US, Europe and US North Central.
Worked with sales to develop EPLD contract manufacturing strategy. 
Generated assembly build plans and EPLD PCNs.


Amlogic Inc.									                                      1999-2000
Marketing Manager 

Assisted in formulation of business plan with CEO for venture capital funding.
Introduced product launch procedure.
Developed collateral materials including users' manuals, brochures, and presentations.
Provided sales training to representatives and distributors.
Joint evaluation with engineering of RTOS for Internet DVD and Set-Top box applications.

                                                                                                                     
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Fujitsu Microelectronics, Inc., Product Line Manager
Mitsubishi Electronics America, Inc., Marketing Manager     
Team Leader, Workshop Facilitator

Developed workshops serving over 200 professionals in nationally recognized career development center.
Team leader organizing logistics and ensuring team project completion, working toward 100% participant satisfaction.



EDUCATION

MBA, Indiana University
BSEE, Purdue University
ASQC Certified Reliability Engineer (Past Certification)

Bill Zdanky resume, (page 2) 
Santa Clara CA, 95051



  
    assembly
  
  
    Automotive
    automotive
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    business plan
    business plans
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    CA
  
  
    cost reduction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    DVD
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    flash
  
  
    functional
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Team leader
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    director
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing management
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    memory
  
  
    win
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    Nortel
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    page 2
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    press releases
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    RTOS
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    sales training
  
  
    Sarbanes-Oxley
  
  
    Siemens
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    systems support
  
  
    phone
  
  
    venture capital
  
  
    workshops
  


