
Personal Information:
Name:			Tofazzal Hossain		
Date of Birth;		1971 / 06 / 02
Present Address:		Taka Ishi 4 - 22 - 2 - 503, Asao - ku, 
			Kawasaki, Kanagawa 
Japan 215-0003. 
Phone:		 	+81-090- 1766 - 8528; 
E-mail:			hossain2671@yahoo.com
VISA Status:		Engineer (Until 30 September 2013 and renewable)
Nationality:		Bangladesh
                                  
Industrial Experience:
1. Organization:	SIGMA Corporation (Japan).
			Digital Camera and Lens Manufacturing Company in Japan.
Position:		Embedded Software Engineer
Duration:		October 2004 ~ October 2006.
Main Responsibilities: 
As a member of the team I am assigned with the following tasks:    
   [Camera Technology]
Collect data from different camera technology. 
Correct and modify the collected data, include our new design technology to develop new product.
Convert this binary data to Assembly, C or Visual C++, input program into Chip and make an interface between camera and lens. Check that the program works properly. If there arise any problem try to debug it, in complex situation report to the higher authority to take necessary steps.
Make an interface between camera and lens.

   [Lens Technology]
Control the movement of HSM-Hypersonic Motor inside the lens to create the Auto Focus.  Develop the program to adjustment between different camera and lens especially to ensure that the lens move smoothly with camera. And if there have any abnormality debug the program code different time until get the accurate result. 
Check that the program works properly, correct and debug the program until get the accurate result. 
Finally develop the program for IR data, debug the program if it shows any aberration and confirm for mass production.
Used Tools:	C, C++, Assembly (MN-101 of Panasonic), VBA, VBA for Excel.

2. Organization:	Associate Leader
Project Description:	Develop the Sub-system Embedded software for Hitachi PDP and LCD flat panel TV in collaboration with Hitachi Yokohama (Tusca) Research Laboratory.
Main Responsibilities:	1. Control Sub System firmware for Hitachi LCD and PDP flat 
			plane TV. 
2. Develop the UI for OSD (On Screen Display and TeleTex 
System)
3. Develop and check the image processing.
4. Pattern Checking, VGA checking, BF checking etc.
5. Color correction, Gamma correction, Bayer color correction,
 YcbCr correction.
Duration:		Oct 2006 ~ Jun 2007.
Used Tools:		C language, GProbe Compiler, Pattern Checker, Oscillator,
 			CPU:  GENESIS - FLI8538.

B. Project Name:	ISP
Position:		Field Application Engineer.
Project Description:	ISP (image signal processor) is a product of Winbond Electronic Ltd., which is widely used in cell phone and digital still camera.
Responsibilities:        1. Fix and debug the error of ISP (Image Signal Processor); a chip
 			   that is widely used in mobile phone and digital camera.
2. Provide technical support (post sales) to the customer in Japan, 
  S. Korea, Taiwan, and China.
3. Prepare and deliver product presentations and specification to  
  the potential customer to develop market in Japan for new and 
  upgraded product.
4. Develop sample for demonstration and simulation model for the 
  customer in Japan.
Project Duration:		June 2007 ~ December 2007.
Used Tools:		Assembly (5602 from MOS), C, Excel VBA. 


C. Project:		Develop POS System for NEC Software Co., LTD, Japan.
Position:		Java Programmer
Project Description:	POS System (A Web based User Interface for collecting and storing customer information for automated selling and servicing system of JOMO Gasoline Company)  
Responsibilities:		1. Find the bug and develop the system.
2. Debug and update the system according to specification.
3. Test the system
Used Tools:		Java (J2EE, JSP, Java Script, Servlet, JDBC), Oracle 10g, Object Browser, SQL, Web Logic, XML, VB Script, Eclipse.
Duration:		December 2007 ~ June 2008.

D. Project:		METAWORKS, DesignMaster.
Position:		Technical Manager
Project Description:	Developing Wed Based Automated Database Publishing and Printing Software. Especially making Plug-In for Adobe InDesign CS3, CS4. 
1. Provide technical support to Shanghai development center in China according to the requirements of USA and Japan customer.
2. Develop simulation demo of the products to explain its technical side to the customer in Japan.
3. Attend in symposium, seminar, and meeting to explain the product. 
Used Tools:		Visual C / C++ (6.0, 2003), InDesign SDK CS3-CS4.
OS:			Windows, Mac OS X,
Duration:		1st July 2008 ~ June 2009.

E. Web-based System:	Developed Web-based Production Control and Management
                     System, In-Office System, B2B Marking System, Real Estate 
                     Business System.
Position:		Technical Manager
Responsibilities:		1. Create document on System design, Basic design, Detail design,
			  Database tables mapping, Coding, Code review, Testing, and 			  Release.
2. Manage project members, coach and guide them while needed.
3. Day to day report to the Project Director on development status.
4. Active involvement in all phases of coding development and test   
  life cycle including development of test plans and procedures.
5. Responsible for scheduling and managing resources for the
  project.
Technology &amp; Tools: 	PHP 4 &amp; 5, CakePHP Framework, JavaScript, Ajax, MySQL, 
                     Apache, XAMPP, LAMP,  HTML, CSS, SVN, 
Duration:		June 2009 ~ Present.

F. Linux Administrator:	Maintain and Administrate Local and Remote Linux Server
Troubleshoot, Build Server, Install Software and Services, Write Installation and Configuration Manual of Server for Foreign Office and Client. 
Linux Version:		CentOS 5.6, Ubuntu 10.8. 	

3. Organization:	Opex Group. 
                A Leading 100% Export Oriented Manufacturing Group of 
                Company in Bangladesh. The Company mainly exports its 
                products to USA and European Union.  
Duration:		January 1998 ~ August 2002. 
Position:			Merchandiser

Main Responsibilities: 
To calculate the style wise and order wise cost of production.
To calculate the consumption of raw materials and accessories need for a specific production
To promote products in the international market, negotiate with foreign buyers and reach a contractual agreement with them.
To maintain export and import related banking functions.
To provide logistic support to the factory for production on a JIT (Just 
   In Time) basis. 
To conduct performance evaluation functions among the various units and / or factories involved in production and to take necessary steps to solve any problem if occurred.
To prepare the periodical progress report of production status and submit to the higher authority at head office and foreign counterpart.

Highest Educational Background:	
University:		Waseda University, Japan. 
Program:		Doctoral Course (Completed 3 years of study, September 2009).
Graduate School:	Graduate School of Information, Production and System.
Research Area:	Genetic and Evolutionary Algorithms such as Genetic Network Programming which is the base of the Machine Learning and Neural Network. The algorithm is applied in the area of Data Mining and Data Retrieving, Information Retrieving, Stock Trading Model, Distributed Artificial Intelligence, Searching for Optimal Solution in the Complex Problems.

2.  Degree		Master of Computer Science and Engineering.
			Department of Computer Systems.
   University		The University of Aizu, Fukushima, Japan
 Graduation Date	September, 2004
	
3.  Degree:		Master of Commerce (Equivalent to MBA)
   Specializations:	Accounting, Finance and Banking.	
   University: 		University of Dhaka, Bangladesh.
   Graduation: 		September, 1998
	
Teaching Assistant:
1. Courses: Programming iii (Java), The University of Aizu, Japan, Spring 2003 
2. Courses: Algorithm and Data Structure, The University of Aizu, Japan, Fall 2003
3. Courses: Discrete Mathematics, The University of Aizu, Spring Japan, 2004
4. Courses: Algorithm and Data Structure, The University of Aizu, Japan, Fall 2004

Publications:
Referred International Journal:
An Evolutionary Negotiation Model Using Genetic Network Programming, Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics (JACIII), Oct 2009.
An Evolutionary Analysis on Negotiation System based on Multiagent Systems with Symbiotic Learning and Evolution, SICE Journal of Control, Measurement, and System Integration, 2011.  
An Evolutionary Model of Multilateral Negotiation System, SICE Journal of Control, Measurement, and System Integration, On Review (after conditionally accepted).

International Conference: 
"Automating Business Transaction and Negotiation in Supply Chains Using Web Service 
    Composition", Proceedings of CIT 2004 Conference, Wuhan, China, Sep. 2004.
"Business Process Choreography for Business Transaction and Negotiation in B2B 
 Collaboration", Proceedings of Fifth International Conference on Human &amp; Computer, 
 Aizu &amp; Tokyo, Sep. 2004.

Language Ability:
		English: 	Fluent
		Japanese: 	Business Label (Speaking, Reading and Writing).
		Bengali: 	Native



  
    Apache
  
  
    Artificial Intelligence
  
  
    Assembly
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    banking
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    C
    C language
  
  
    C++
  
  
    coach
  
  
    Color
    color
  
  
    CPU
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Client
  
  
    Data Mining
  
  
    Database
  
  
    PDP
  
  
    LCD
  
  
    Digital Camera
    digital camera
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    English
  
  
    Excel VBA
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    Foreign Office
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    image processing
  
  
    Image
    image
  
  
    InDesign
    Adobe InDesign
  
  
    ISP
  
  
    Japanese
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScript
    Java Script
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Logic
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    MOS
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    works
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    NEC
  
  
    Network
  
  
    Neural
  
  
    Oct
  
  
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Camera
    camera
  
  
    PHP 4
  
  
    POS
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Coding
    coding
    Programming iii
    Programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Speaking
  
  
    Reading
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    Research
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Servlet
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    specification
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    symposium
  
  
    System design
  
  
    tables
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    phone
  
  
    TV
  
  
    Troubleshoot
  
  
    User Interface
  
  
    VBA
  
  
    VB Script
  
  
    Visual C
  
  
    Visual C++
  
  
    wise
  
  
    XML
  


