
                                                    Bhavesh Desai
Objective

A position of Information Technology and Operations Manager to lead in the fields of Project management, Enterprise
programs, Global business, Process reengineering, Contract negotiations, Operations, Staff management, Application
Development and Support with expertise in brokerage clearance and settlement holding 14+ years of experience.

Career Summary

       Dynamic Program Manager with significant experience in areas of Application development and support, Change
       management, User access management and technology operations with strong innovation, transformation and
   

       turnaround leadership.
       Experience in developing collaborative partnership and teams across organizational departments &amp; vendors
       Proven success in bridging communication between system technology managers and varied organizational
   

       divisions.
   

       Introduced standard project management methodology based on PMI standards, providing an effective framework
       for successful system transformation and obtainment of client confidence.
   

       Followed waterfall model in software development processes through the phases of Conception, Initiation,
       Analysis, Design, Construction, Testing, Production/Implementation and Maintenance.
   

       Demonstrated Agile software development methodology to promote adaptive planning and evolutionary
       development and delivery with time boxed iterative approach
   

       Developed a hybrid service delivery solution utilizing internal organizations and external partners, reducing costs
       of services and enhancing competitive advantage within the marketplace.
   

       Conducted a complete assessment of teams, processes and portfolio; identified needs and issues; and introduced
       new standards and best practices to ensure alignment with internal and client goals.
   

       Responsible for Client On boarding, user trainings &amp; demos. Preparing eLearning document/manuals for apps
       Managed Application and Production Support teams globally in WHEM, EMEA and APAC
   

       Orchestrate major transformation of practice to achieve stability and profitability visioning strategic planning
   

       Vendor Engagement and Task order Negotiation for Managed Services and captive.
   

       Resource loading, allocation, task augmentation &amp; prioritization and dis-mantle teams during project wrap up
   

       Experienced with information security assessments, risk and audit, managed the remediation for identity
   

       management, network infrastructure, database and operating system security violation and vulnerabilities.
   

       Worked independently and also with multiple teams to sustain compliance.
       Ability to establish and maintain harmonious productive working relationships with co-workers, staff and external
   

       contacts, and to work efficiently in a professional team environment.
   

       Self-motivated, flexible and intuitive personality. Detail oriented and cover essential in Scope.
       Master's degree in Computer Science and Project management trainings.
   

       Excellent communication (both verbal and written) and interpersonal skills, active listening skills, and skill in
   

       research, presenting findings and recommendations.
   

       Have excellent insightful analytical skills and great business acumen to get the job done.

Strengths

       Program and Project Management
       Team Building &amp; Leadership
   

       Staffing, Budgeting, Planning &amp; Scheduling
   

       Resource Planning &amp; Allocation Multi-Project Administration
   

       Product Design, Development and Deployment (Software, QA, Documentation)
   

       Disciplinary Process Improvement and Strategic planning
   

       Vendor Engagement. Refining Onsite/Offshore model and Contract Negotiations
   

       Service Delivery Systems and Quality Management
   

       Development &amp; Deployment of Help desk &amp; Support center to support users globally in WHEM, EMEA &amp; APAC
   

       Process Reengineering, Coaching and Facilitation
   

       Use Waterfall, Agile methodology and Scrum processes within development and support organization
   

       Build Partnership with Operations, Product, Client Service, Finance, Risk, Vendors, Infrastructure, Clients and
   

       Technology teams
   


                                       106 Sayreville Blvd. S, Sayreville, NJ 08872
                                  Cell: 732.423.5978  Email: bdesai1222@gmail.com
                                                     Bhavesh Desai
Experiences




                                        106 Sayreville Blvd. S, Sayreville, NJ 08872
                                   Cell: 732.423.5978  Email: bdesai1222@gmail.com
                                                Bhavesh Desai
   Gather requirements, set expectations and follow strategic directions with business partners including Operations,
   Product, Client services, Liaison and technology


   Review TSD, prepare NFRs, design and architecture reviews for new II application projects
   Manage release and change management. Reducing overall cutovers by 25% in a given year and 0% release failures


   by introducing discipline and key check points like check list reviews, test script and test case reviews, regression


   testing and planned release schedules and ECMs.
   Assist in designing and ensuring overall integrity of the testing strategy
   Playing key role and extensive Data mining and analysis exercise during Market Financial crisis and bank mergers


   for Sr. Management and executives for making business decisions. Use extensive Oracle PL/SQL queries to facilitate


   and populate data from database to suffice MIS requests
   Developed and manage data warehouse project build on business object (BO) and ETL along with Oracle 11g to
   facilitate self-service data requests especially Market Risk Reports and publish historical trends


   Using Unix shell scripting and Auto-sys tool for creating and maintaining job scheduling on distributed platform
   and Control M on VAX/VMS platform


   Building NDM/FTP plus CONNX mechanism for Data Migration from VAX/VMS to Oracle Database and warehouse
   Introduced monthly maintenance BAUs that automates frequent service requests, break glass and user queries.


   This helps us in saving vendor dollars in long run as requests are self-serviced and automated.


   Walking through full SDLC process along with teams and putting checks and balances in place to avoid any failures
   and escalation on right time.


   Responsible to keep lights on for managing over 2TB database shared across 14+ applications and 54 servers that
   includes Application, Web and database servers on AIX and Wintel across DEV, SIT, QA, UAT, Prod and DR


   Manage complex infrastructure upgrades including SAN allocation, NDM/FTP mechanisms, MQ setup and
   configuration, Net backups retention policies and Brews certification, SSL renewals, server upgrades, installs,


   patches and reboots, hardware replacements, KEON remediation, TSS portal support, Data center exits and server
   relocation. Experiment backup and restore policies. Includes weekend and off hours support
   Responsible for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery of Program Operations function in compliance with
   FED white paper. Ensure appropriate levels of operational resiliency are built, documented and tested accordingly.


   Conducting quarterly HA testing to promise local failover on alternate nodes
   Managing Production Support including improved response time to business requests and prod outages. Issue


   management with daily root cause and resolution. Operations training and managing BAU requests from business


   for application enhancements and changes.
   Maintain operations, monitoring and integrity of production systems to meet established standards and SLAs
   Preparing and reviewing application onboarding checklist, NFRs, manuals and Run book for support


   Giving Demos, presentations, user manuals and training to end users and stakeholders in acquisition to sign offs


   Centralizing production support globally under one umbrella in US Broker Dealer Space


   Development and deployment of Help desk and Support center handling over 150+ internal and external users


   globally in WHEM, EMEA and APAC


   Setting up 24x6 support shifts and on call rotation shift globally to monitor systems and address user requests
   Provided management with post mortem report and RCA of priority one (P1) incidents


   Reducing P1/P2 alerts by adding proactive monitoring, fixes and on time escalations


   Space and alert management by setting up thresholds and purge routines on servers


   Responsible to Produce Monthly Production stability, Monthly capacity KPIs and metrics Dashboard.


   Pivotal role in turning under-performing red applications to green status within 6 months.


   Championed the build out of new high-availability infrastructure environment to ensure optimal uptime of system


   holding over 14 applications including client facing systems.


   Experienced with information security assessments, risk and audit, managed the remediation for identity
   management, network infrastructure, database and operating system security violation and vulnerabilities.


   Working with auditors for internal and external SAS 70 audit to keep applications clean and green from corporate
   compliance and policies within legal and regulatory requirements.


   User Id access management for Risk and Audit Compliance and provided Application details for self-assessment
   and App Risk Ranking.


   Responsible for yearly User access, Application and Third party vendor profile review and certification
   Timely Closure of Phoenix IT Risk Application items including PEN/AVAT tests to avoid ethical hacking on client


   facing systems. Quarterly sonar blocker tests to identify coding or design defects


   Managing 7 full time employees and 32 consultants shared across 4 vendor teams and JPMC captive.

                                    106 Sayreville Blvd. S, Sayreville, NJ 08872
                               Cell: 732.423.5978  Email: bdesai1222@gmail.com
                                                   Bhavesh Desai
       Responsible for setting up objectives, quarterly and year end Employee performance and reviews with 9-box rating
       Setting up Development and Career goals, Compensation planning and talent management
   

       Create an environment developing, recognizing and rewarding building towards high performance team
   

       Coach, mentor and train new employees and staff, share best practices with peers
   

       Forecast resourcing and staffing needs and effectively utilizing all available resources
   

       Raising new job requisitions, interviewing and follow through hiring process with HR
   

       Providing leadership and apply disciplines to ensure the successful execution of cross-functional projects. Natural
   

       team leader with proven ability to motivate, energize and lead to success.
   

       Established and led teams in the rapid design and deployment of infrastructure, systems, applications and
       platforms, and subsequent separation of core data into new environment under tight deadlines. Built synergy
   

       between management, teams and partners to support business objectives across complex environments.


Inter Discipline Consultants Inc., NJ                                                         June 1999-May 2003
Clients: Galaxy Glass-Marble Company, NEMC, Staple Sewing
Position: Sr. Programmer &amp; Analyst, DBA
Environment: Oracle 9iAS, Java 2.0, D2K/VB/PB, UNIX, Novell/NT, VAX

       Developed, Analyzed and designed logical/physical relational databases utilizing the system life cycle process and
       ER modeling techniques. Developed ER diagrams and data flow models.
   

       Responsible for Data Warehousing and Data Conversion to filter Data for the Software.
       Providing hands on training to users and get Business Requirements in retreat
   

       Used Oracle Forms 9i and Reports 9i in order to develop a user interface for DML statements.
   

       Developed Packages, Procedures, functions, triggers (DB) and utilities using Advanced PL/SQL.
   

       Deploying Oracle Forms and Reports Front end application to have them web enabled for easy user access to the
   

       backend databases using navigating menus.
   

       Interacting with Users and Business Clients in order to integrate business logic requirements into programming
       logic. Monitoring Daily data load jobs, Batch reporting jobs and reconciliation.
   

       Duties include work flow system from Scope, Requirements, Design, Development to Integration, QA, Stress
       Testing, UAT to Production
   

       Using Java 5.0 in order to retrieve, parse and massage the files received from DVM VAX system.
       Unix AUTOSYS job is scheduled to automate the loading and Reconciliation process and deliver status reports.
   

       HTML/JSP/PHP screens were developed in order to interact with Oracle Forms and Reports.
   

       Working and interact as a Team Lead. Responsible for laying out Project plan.
   

       Using SQL*Loader and ETL tool to define sources, targets, mappings to move data and generate Code, which would
   

       simplify diagnostic and deployment activities.
   

       Hands on using Quest TOAD, Crystal Reports 9.0 and Formatter Plus software.
       Designed Application and developed in Oracle Portal with Oracle 9i, 8i as Database and 9iAS as Web server.
   

       Installation and configuration of 9iAS Portal Creating users, profiles, groups in portal.
   

       Used Oracle Applications including Oracle Financials, Oracle Manufacturing and HRMS.
       Developed Application based on J2EE (Java) platforms using Java Beans, Swing, AWT, RMI, JDBC, ODBC. Allowing
   

       Software to interact with UPS/FEDEX system directly for shipments.
   

       Also created Java module to interface with SMTP protocol in order to send out Electronic Mail generated out of
       System Software. Code using JAVA (J2EE, JSP) and ORACLE with JDBC Connectivity.
   

       Developed a rapid site builder to enable the quick and complete creation of web pages and entry/edit of web
       content using JSP and Java APIs.
   

       Creating complex web front end user interfaces to new or existing databases using a combination of JavaScript,
       HTML, DHTML and Oracle to make business applications web accessible.
   

       Responsible for Database Backups, Recovery, Performance and Tuning of SQL queries and Database.
       Created new Database listeners, users and assigning them with System privileges and permissions.
   

       Created Online Demo and Tutorial for the software using Demo shield 6.5
   

       Performed Presentations and Live Demo to VARs and Clients.
   
   




                                       106 Sayreville Blvd. S, Sayreville, NJ 08872
                                  Cell: 732.423.5978  Email: bdesai1222@gmail.com
                                                     Bhavesh Desai
QT Inc, New Jersey                                                                      December 1997&#173;May 1999
Position: Software and Network Engineer
Environment: Oracle, MS Access, Java, SABRE

        Designing and Developing Interface between Travel Reservation System so called SABRE and Back Office
        Accounting System. Executing and monitoring daily batch reporting jobs.
    

        Extensively using Oracle Databases to hold all customers, accounting and booking relevant data and using Oracle
        Forms and Reports to develop Graphical User Interface.
    

        Data Migration from SABRE (Travel Reservation System) to Database. Networking Databases for easy access on
        every User PC. Troubleshooting daily reporting and data load jobs and handling backups
    

        Building on demand reports and automation for reconciliation

Skill Sets


Windows 9x/2000/XP/7, Unix/Linux/Wintel, Novell Netware, MS Dos 6.22, VAX/VMS
Operating Systems



MS Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, TOAD, Crystal Reports, Enterprise Quality Center, Eclipse, Business Object (BO),
Tools and Applications

OEM Tool, Putty, MS SharePoint, Autosys, Quartz, MQ Series, Informatica Power Center, Reflection, Adobe connect, EURC,
Peregrine, ITPAM, SDRS, Control M, SWIFT, Customer Links, WRM, RACI, CHIP, Rational Rose, Clear case, Subversion


Oracle 8i to 11g, Developer 2000 - Oracle Forms and Reports, Pl/SQL &amp; SQL* Plus, My SQL, Jasper, Java 1.6, J2EE, JS, Html,
Databases, Scripts &amp; Languages

Perl, Asp, C, C++, Struts, Hibernate, ETL, Erwin for Data Modeling, Websphere, SQL Loader, Unix shell script, XML


Project Management for Software Development, Systems Analysis, Technology Operations, Clients Controls Risks &amp;
Non Technical Skill sets

Security, Small Business Management, Risk assessment, Audit compliance


Broad ridge, Radianz, DTCC, AT&amp;T, Federal Reserve (FED), Cognizant, Collabera, Emphasis, Wipro, External Clients from
Vendors and External Contacts

major financial organizations

Education

Masters (M.S.), Computer Science                                Fairleigh Dickinson University (FDU), NJ
B.Sc., Chemistry                                                Gujarat University, Gujarat, India
Diploma in Computer Application (D.C.A)                         Expert Computer Institute, Gujarat, India

Certifications

Project Leadership: Building High Performance Teams             Project Management for Software Development
Java and Web Development                                        ODD, Oracle Design &amp; Development
Architecting EE Applications using Design Patterns              Recognizing &amp; Addressing Business Practices Concerns
Communications Essentials                                       Information Barriers and Communications
TSS Risk Management                                             Resiliency Risk Awareness for WSS
TSS Managing for Performance and Retention                      Providing Performance Feedback
Promoting a Positive Work Environment                           Global Resolver Certification - Incident Management
Informatica PowerCenter 8.x/9.0 Level II Developer

Awards and Recognition

Recognition for extensive support during September 2008 market crisis
Awarded for managing team and support during major financial firm going under in October 2011
9 Box PMC Rating &#173; 2 times Exceeds and 3 times Meets plus with high potential in last 5 years

References available upon request

                                         106 Sayreville Blvd. S, Sayreville, NJ 08872
                                    Cell: 732.423.5978  Email: bdesai1222@gmail.com



  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    AIX
  
  
    application development
  
  
    Asp
  
  
    automate
  
  
    automation
  
  
    backup
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    Bookkeeping
  
  
    book
  
  
    budgeting
    budget
  
  
    business analyst
  
  
    Business Case
  
  
    Business Management
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    Cash Management
  
  
    change management
  
  
    charts
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Crystal Reports 9.0
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    Client
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    customer
   

       satisfaction
  
  
    Data Conversion
  
  
    Data Migration
  
  
    Data mining
  
  
    Data Modeling
  
  
    data warehouse
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    Data Warehousing
  
  
    Delivery
    delivery
  
  
    Derivatives
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    DML
  
  
    driving
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    edit
  
  
    Electronic Mail
  
  
    Erwin
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    financials
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    Fixed income
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Forms
    Forms 9
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    funds
  
  
    Graphical User Interface
  
  
    Help desk and Support
  
  
    HTML
    Html
  
  
    Websphere
  
  
    Informatica
  
  
    information security
  
  
    Java
    Java 5.0
    JAVA
    Java 1.6
  
  
    Java 2
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    Java Beans
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Team Lead
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    logic
  
  
    Managing
    managing
    Managing 7
  
  
    market positioning
  
  
    Market Risk
  
  
    Market
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mergers
  
  
    Access
    access
    MS Access
  
  
    MS Office Suite
    Office
    office
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Windows 9
    Wintel
  
  
    2000
  
  
    NT
  
  
    migration
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    MQ Series
  
  
    MS Dos 6.22
  
  
    My SQL
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    network
    Networking
  
  
    Novell
  
  
    Novell Netware
  
  
    ODBC
  
  
    Operating Systems
    operating system
  
  
    Oracle 9
    ORACLE
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle Applications
  
  
    DB
    Oracle Database
  
  
    Developer 2000
  
  
    Oracle Financials
  
  
    Oracle Manufacturing
  
  
    Oracle PL/SQL
    PL/SQL
    Pl/SQL
  
  
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    PEN
  
  
    Peregrine
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Presentations
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    coding
    programming
  
  
    Project Management
    Project Leadership
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Quest
  
  
    quick
  
  
    Rational Rose
  
  
    relational databases
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    Risk assessment
  
  
    RMI
  
  
    SABRE
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    Securities
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Shell
    Scripts
    script
  
  
    SMTP
  
  
    Software Development
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    SQL Loader
  
  
    SSL
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Struts
  
  
    SWIFT
  
  
    Swing
  
  
    Systems Analysis
  
  
    user manuals
  
  
    TOAD
  
  
    Treasury
  
  
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    Unix shell scripting
    Unix shell
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    user interface
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    VAX
    VAX/VMS
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    VB
  
  
    Web server
  
  
    Web Development
    web
       content
    web pages
  
  
    XML
  


