
Tom Glennon
Creative Director/ Senior Art Director
6511 Vandalia Avenue - Cleveland, OH 44144
glennonmac@wowway.com - (216) 351-1306
Portfolio: www.krop.com/tomglennon


Creative Director / Senior Art Director
Blue Rhino Advertising - Cleveland, OH
July 2003 to November 2010

Art direction and creative oversight for existing and prospective agency clients, including creative concepts, (print, TV, radio) preparation of final art, print and production estimates, press approvals and client contact including new business development.

Clients: Day Automotive Group (Chevy, Ford, Saturn, Toyota), Leopold's Furniture, Heat Exchange Hearth &amp; Patio Shoppe, S&amp;Z Tool, Mammoth Products, Galt Inc., Zaremba Management, CEC (Cataract Eye Center), Weltman, Regas &amp; Haag, The Executive Construction Company, NCS DataCom, HR Restaurants (Blue Point Grille, Cabin Club, Delmonico's, Salmon Dave's)


Senior Art Director
Desberg &amp; Associates - Chagrin Falls, OH
June 1998 to January 2003

Art direction and layout/design for existing and prospective agency clients, including creative concepts, preparation of final art, print and production estimates, print production, press approvals and client contact.

Clients: Zaremba Builders, Zaremba Management, Zaremba Group, Bright.Net, Fairhill Center for Aging, Heather Hill Hospital, Eltech Corporation, Federal Metal, Perma-Dry Waterproofing, Petros Homes, NCS Datacom, PRN Funding, Cres Cor


Art Director
Pin Point Marketing Services - Beachwood, OH
April 1997 to June 1998

Layout and design for existing agency clients, including creative concepts for package design, catalogs, logo and corporate identity packages.

Clients: Moen (International Division), I.T.'S./MITA, Ocean Waves, Harris International, Deft, Akzo Nobel, Flambeau, General, Environmental Services, Thoro Waterproofing



Marketing Manager / Advertising Manager
The Dean Supply Company - Cleveland, OH
March 1996 to April 1997

Marketing, advertising and art direction for a well known restaurant and food service supplier. Concept and coordination of all advertising including print, radio and public service television for a yearly sale to benefit a selected charity


Senior Art Director / Studio Manager
EB Advertising Display Company, - Massillion, OH
May 1995 to February 1996

Reorganization of creative department, including the establishment of new procedures and
documentation of project workflow. Staffing and management of new creative department. Primary creative for all new projects.


Creative Services Director / Assistant Vice President
KeyBank / KeyCorp Management Company - Cleveland, OH
June 1994 to December 1994

Establishment of new corporate logo and graphic standards after corporate merger. Daily operation of creative department including creative development, art direction, print estimates, production workflow and scheduling as well as management and direction of creative department. Associate Creative Director for all internal and external print advertising for KeyBank corporate offices and bank branches.


Senior Art Director
Blue Coral, Inc - Valley View, OH
January 1994 to June 1994

Establishment of the new creative department. Direct creative for all new projects including the redesign of existing package and label designs, as well as the development of package and label design for the new product lines.


Mechanical Artist / Art Director
Meldrum &amp; Fewsmith Communications, Inc - Cleveland, OH
August 1987 to January 1994

Art direction and layout/type specification for existing and prospective agency clients, including,
preparation of final art (keyline and MacIntosh computer generated), staffing and supervision of freelance production artists and outside studios on a project basis.

Clients: The Glidden Company, Mr. Coffee, OfficeMax, Revco, MTD/Yardman/Cub Cadet, Cedar Point, Libbey Glass, GE Lighting, BFGoodrich Tire Company, General Tire Company








Studio Manager / Art Director
Griswold Inc - Cleveland, OH
February 1987 to August 1987

Art direction and layout/design for existing agency clients, including creative concepts, preparation of final art, and client contact. Management of agency in-house art studio including full-time and freelance creative artists.

Clients: Sherwin Williams Paints / Dutch Boy Paints, BFGoodrich Industrial Coatings Division, Leaseway Trucking, Stop-n-Shop, Hoover, BFGoodrich Aerospace Parts Division


Associate Art Director / Studio Production Manager
Gregory Thomas, Inc - Cleveland, OH
January 1985 to February 1987

Layout and design for existing agency and studio clients, including creative concepts for package design, catalogs, logo design. Supervision of in-house freelance production artists. Assist in the day-to-day studio management.

Clients: Reliance Electric Company, The Flood Company, Zaremba Builders-MacIntosh Farms, Anchor Hocking Glass Company, Horizon Savings Bank, Keithly Instruments


Art Director / Studio Manager
Brubaker Cole &amp; Associates - Hudson, OH
December 1983 to January 1985

Set up new in-house art studio to service agency and new studio clients. Account representative for selected in-house studio accounts, art direction for agency and studio clients. Maintain day-to-day studio operations.

Clients: Firestone Tire &amp; Rubber Company, Hess &amp; Eisenhart, Kendall Oil Company, ET Mag Wheel Company, Alcoa Aluminum - Automotive Division, Picker International


Keyliner / Graphic Designer
Katzan Studios, Inc - Cleveland, OH
August 1979 to December 1983

Production of artwork including keylining, B&amp;W line illustration, type specification, B&amp;W photo retouching and ad layout for studio clients and Cleveland &amp; Akron area advertising agencies.

Clients: The Glidden Company, Firestone Tire &amp; Rubber Company, Hess &amp; Eisenhart, Blue 
Cross &amp; Blue Shield of Ohio, Sohio/BP Oil Company, National City Bank, The Republic Steel Company, Little Tikes, City of Cleveland, Reliance Electric, The Flood Company, BFGoodrich Tire Company



  
    .Net
  
  
    ad
    advertising
  
  
    art
  
  
    Art direction
    art direction
  
  
    agency
  
  
    Automotive
  
  
    catalogs
  
  
    Concept
  
  
    corporate identity
  
  
    Creative Director
  
  
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    DataCom
    Datacom
  
  
    creative development
  
  
    direction
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Dutch
  
  
    freelance
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    HR
  
  
    illustration
  
  
    Layout and design
    layout/design
    layout
  
  
    Lighting
  
  
    logo
    logo design
  
  
    MacIntosh
    MacIntosh computer
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    NCS
  
  
    new business development
  
  
    Oil
  
  
    package design
  
  
    photo retouching
  
  
    press
  
  
    print advertising
  
  
    print production
  
  
    radio
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    specification
  
  
    Staffing
    staffing
  
  
    Supervision
    supervision
  
  
    TV
    television
  
  
    type
  
  
    workflow
  


