
MICKEY ROMBS - CONSTRUCTION SCHEDULER



                                             Michael (Mickey) J. Rombs	
27271 Jessica Hills Ln.
Spring, Texas 77386
Cell Phone 361-790-6309
Email mrombs@yahoo.com



Education:	Associate Business Management, 2008
	Ashworth University, Norcross, Georgia	

	Surveying, University of Nebraska at Omaha 1999
	
	Del Mar College; Engineering Major 1989

	Bayside High School - Virginia Beach, VA 1973

Training:	
	Primavera Training 2008
	Excel Advanced Training 2005
	Advanced Word Training 2004
                                                                 Intermediate Access for Windows  1999
Project Scheduling - Open Plan Professional 1998
	Intermediate Excel for Windows  1998
	Excavation Training, Texas A&amp;M Eng. Extension 1996
	Priority Management Training, Harding and Associates 1996
AWS Training, Del Mar College 1994
	Brown &amp; Root  "Quality Comes First" Course 1985
	Supervisory Skills Training, Del Mar College 1987
		

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE 

Sept 2009 - Nov 2010	Scheduling Manager
	                                                    Spitzer Ind. Inc.
Performed earned value analysis by using past performance to predict a more accurate cost to completion 
Identified all critical paths within a project by using float path analysis 
Controlled budgets, changes and estimates at completion to ensure a successful project delivery 
Communicated status to general contractors, subcontractors and other project team members using industry standard reports. 
Stored actual cost, units, earned value and planned value by customizable financial period, so we could compare current and future trends. 
Broke activities down into smaller weighted steps and tracked the completion of the steps to determine the activity percent complete. 
Coordinated labor, material, equipment and subcontractors to ensure on-schedule, on-budget completion. 
Working with major clients such as BP, Noble Energy, Anadarko, Shell, CB&amp;I, Cameron, FMC, Technip, Subsea 7, and Allseas. 

Jun 2008 - Sept 2009	Scheduling Manager
	Gulf Marine Fabricators
Performed earned value analysis by using past performance to predict a more accurate cost to completion 
Identified all critical paths within a project by using float path analysis 
Controlled budgets, changes and estimates at completion to ensure a successful project delivery 
Communicated status to general contractors, subcontractors and other project team members using industry standard reports. 
Stored actual cost, units, earned value and planned value by customizable financial period, so we could compare current and future trends. 
Broke activities down into smaller weighted steps and tracked the completion of the steps to determine the activity percent complete. 
Coordinated labor, material, equipment and subcontractors to ensure on-schedule, on-budget completion. 
Project Worked on at Gulf Marine
ATP Titan TLP
Chevron Tahiti Topside
Chevron Tombua Landana Tower
BP Holstein Spar
 

Oct 1998 - Jun 2008	Project Scheduler / Project Manager
	Gulf Marine Fabricators
Coordinate all work between shop and field.  
Monitor backlog of work, material orders and deliveries, availability of personnel and equipment resources, Develop project schedule and report job percent complete for the purpose of measuring productivity to benefit both production and estimating.  
Prepare monthly invoice for client billing.  
Forecast existing scope of work for progress purposes. 
Manage small projects. 
Develop forecast for small projects. 
Negotiate change orders with the client, and report profit for the Monthly Project status meetings.

Jul 1997 - Oct 1998	Project Coordinator
Responsible for coordinating all work between shop and field, liaison between client and company, developed project controls i.e.: schedule, progress system, and project man-hour budgets.  
Conducted meetings for project planning and client progress    information.  
Ordered materials and coordinated all work with sub-contractors.  Developed and maintained correspondence between client and company.

Dec 1996 - Jul 1997	Fabrication Coordinator
Coordinated all work between shop and field.  
Monitored backlog of work, material orders and deliveries, availability of personnel and equipment resources, and reported job percent complete for the purpose of measuring productivity to benefit both production and estimating.

Jan 1996 - Nov 1996	Piping Coordinator 
Coordinated work between pipe spool fabrication and field installation. 
Monitored backlog of work, material orders and deliveries, availability of personnel and equipment resources, and reported job percent complete for the purpose of measuring productivity to benefit both production and estimating.

Jun 1985 - Jan 1996	Lofting Leadman 
Responsible for modeling offshore structures for the Gulf of Mexico.  
Included 3-D modeling and using AutoCAD for developing parts for fabrication of structures.  
Drafted iso's for fabrication of piping components.  
Extensive knowledge in blueprint reading of structural or piping drawings.

Jun 1983 - Jun 1985	Surveyor
		Brown &amp; Root, Inc.
Surveyed components of offshore structures to verify that the contract specifications were met.  
Responsibilities included monitoring the structure during the load-out on the barge for offshore installation.

Jul 1981- Jun 1983	Loftsman
Modeled 3-dimensional image of structures in computer to generate templates for pipe, plate, and structural shapes.
  Performed light drafting duties and calculations for dimensional.

Jul 1979 - Jul 1981			Fitter
Worked as a fitter on several oil platforms.

Jun 1978 - July 1979			Fitter
					Baker Marine Corp.
Worked as a fitter on drilling platforms. 
Fitting and tacking pipe and structural shapes.    



  
    3-D modeling
  
  
    ATP
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    billing
  
  
    blueprint reading
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    financial
  
  
    image
  
  
    iso
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Mechanical
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft software
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    Oil
    oil
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    plotters
  
  
    predict
  
  
    Primavera
  
  
    printers
  
  
    profit
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project planning
  
  
    Shell
  
  
    WordPerfect
  


