
Jason Parker
600 Stokesay Castle Path
Pflugerville, TX 78660
jason.parker.atx@gmail.com 
Cell: 512-919-2119
Objective: Learn as much technology as one person can consume.
Professional Experience
Systems Administrator II -- 1/12 - Present
Systems Administrator -- 3/10 to 12/11
Application Support Engineer/Specialist -- 10/07 to 2/10
Focus of this shifting role was to provide 24/7 customer and internal service for escalated technical issues with multiple software platforms.  Two ticket queues managed (Tech Support and Operations, in Salesforce).   The servers are all VMWare ESX clusters (Dell PowerEdge models) in our hosted environment (licensed clients vary).  Data stored in SQL databases (MySQL, MS SQL) usually with SAN/iSCSI backend.  Complex monitoring configuration for hosted and licensed clients via custom scripts based in Python, Perl, and shell for "Zenoss".   Software written by in house team of Developers is enterprise level.  Roughly 150 clients use these products (StormPost, UnsubCentral and Aperture).  The platforms incorporate many internet standards, protocols, and open source software.  Most products are Java based on Linux/UNIX hosts (CentOS hosted, licensed clients use RHEL 5, Solaris, and Windows Server). Supported and improved a sophisticated SOAP API and multiple User Interfaces.  Web traffic serviced by Apache or Tomcat.  Bulk SMTP functions handled by Port25 PowerMTA software or Ironport servers.  Products interface with multiple third party API/protocols, such as Social Media APIs and SMS providers.
Heavily involved with infrastructure troubleshooting and implementation.  Excelled with managing licensed client production software deployments.  Worked a rotating night shift.  Strong client advocate.  Began managing production Change Management workflow process in 2009.  Maintained an open dialog with Developers and QA teams.
Won the "Spirit of Excellence" award in 2010. 
Led two major software deployments.  One for Boston.com/NYTimes in 2010, and one for Sony in 2012.
System/software automation via puppet and python/perl scripts. Multiple products based in Amazon (AWS).
Other technologies: AcitveMQ, DNS administration/troubleshooting, TCPIP routing/firewall (iptables), SMTP (high volume mail merge and injection), tcpflow/tcpdump/wireshark, data center support/administration, ssh tunnels, manage backups with Bastion.

Metadot Corporation - Austin, TX
8/07 - 10/07
Systems Administrator
"LAMP" Systems Administrator.  Worked directly with a small team of Perl and RUBY developers.  Supported multiple web applications, Metadot &amp; Mojo Helpdesk. Servers were RHEL based.  Handled all customer issues.

Diamond IT Services, Inc.- Austin, TX
4/07 to 9/07
Jr. Linux Administrator
Linux administration and desktop support role for an Austin startup.  Operated network of 20+ client offices via a centralized OpenVPN network.  On site visits, and usage of Remote Desktop/VNC for remote administration and troubleshooting.  Support involved servers, PCs, printers, and other office hardware.

RHA, Inc. - Fresno, CA
2/06 to 1/07
PC / Network technician
Managed technical support issues without an established ticketing system.  This mostly entailed end-user desktop support - generally Windows 2000.  Supported 400+ nodes, with six remote offices in California.  I was in charge of UNIX related tasks, including Web and SMTP management.

New Orleans Criminal District Court - New Orleans, LA
11/04 to 8/05
PC / Network technician
I was directly contracted under Clerk of Court - Kimberly Williamson Butler.  Position entailed administration and support for their network and 80+ users.  Contracted directly by court employees, not the city.


Teksystems/Aerotek/Adecco Technical- New Orleans, LA
2002 to 2005
PC / Network technician
Several contract positions, including:
Hill-Rom Inc, Tulane Hospital, CompUSA, US Navy (required security clearance), and Univ. of Mississippi Medical Center (Jackson, MS).

Netdoor/Internet Doorway - Jackson, MS
2000 to 2002
End user support/ Jr. UNIX Administrator
Hired right out of high school (moved from California to Mississippi from internet friends).  Provided support for software and connectivity problems and managed a trouble ticket system and logs.  Promoted to Jr Systems Admin four months after employment, after rewriting support system.  On-call Administrator.








Hobbies and Interest
Playing with my 7 year old son.

Android enthusiast.  I have been a part of the Android 'development' scene since my first public project with the Archos 7 Home Tablet in 2010.   I am currently a member of the CyanogenMod Android team (http://www.cyanogenmod.com).  My personal github is https://github.com/kornyone.   I have most of my work on Github for the Archos 7 Home Tablet, Viewsonic GTablet, and MyTouch4G Slide porting projects.  This includes both kernel level and userspace (Android/java) modifications.  (Some of my work is closed source/private in CyanogenMod for the MyTouch4G Slide).

Learning new Linux technology, and constantly sharpening my skills.  My professional career in IT stems from being a techie geek since the mid 90s, and has never stopped.
	

Education 
College of the Sequoias (Visalia, CA) - 2000
Tulare Western High School (Tulare, CA) - 1996-2000.  



  
    Apache
  
  
    API
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Change Management
  
  
    com
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    databases
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    dialog
  
  
    DNS
  
  
    firewall
  
  
    Focus
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Linux administration
  
  
    managing
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    Perl
    perl
  
  
    PowerEdge
  
  
    printers
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Python
    python
  
  
    QA
  
  
    routing
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    security clearance
  
  
    Servers
    servers
  
  
    shell
    scripts
  
  
    SMS
  
  
    SMTP
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    Solaris
  
  
    MS SQL
    SQL
  
  
    ssh
  
  
    TCPIP
  
  
    technical support
    Tech Support
    desktop support
  
  
    Tomcat
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    written
  


