
                                            Joseph Hayes
                     New York, NY | (402) 578 1134 | joe.hayes8@gmail.com | Skype: josephhayesghs

EXPERIENCE
Benefits Administrator: Oversee employee benefits including health, dental, 401k/profit sharing, long &amp; short
      term disability, PTO, etc.
   Contracts: Oversee all aspects of client, consultant and vendor contracts including developing scope of work,
      negotiations, non-disclosures/confidentiality agreements, reimbursements, invoices and evaluations.
   Facilities Manager: Oversee firm's office expansion by re-negotiating lease and continued office construction.
   IT/Knowledge Management: Oversee IT consultant projects and implemented information sharing protocol
      and systems across global offices.

The Gerontological Society of America (GSA), Grant Program Coordinator                          Sept 2007&#173; Aug 2008
Washington, D.C.
GSA is the oldest and largest interdisciplinary organization devoted to research, education, and practice in the field of
aging.
   Coordinated two multi-million dollar grant programs that funded continued career development and
      research for practicing geriatric social workers.
   Assisted the Program Manager and National Program Directors in the selection process, event planning
      (conferences, institutes, and orientations), marketing strategies, and press releases.
   Edited the monthly Geriatric Social Work Initiative e-newsletter, Ripples, that was distributed to over 750
      Presidents, Deans, Directors, and students of social work across the country.

AARP, Financial Security Intern                                                               Jan 2007 &#173; Sept 2007
Lincoln, NE /Washington, D.C.
AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization with a membership that helps people age 50 and over have
independence, choice and control in ways that are beneficial and affordable to them and society as a whole.
   Developed resource materials to assist 50 state offices on best financial education programs and financial tip
     sheets.
   Organized a shredding event in which 10 tons of papers containing potentially hazardous financial records
     were destroyed.
   Tracked legislative issues and educated local officials and AARP members through weekly e-mail alerts.
   Attended legislative committee hearings and prepared memos to staff members that would assist in policy
     implementation and advocacy campaigns; assisted in organizing a CEO Roundtable discussion on retirement
     saving.
Office of Representative Lee Terry, U.S. House of Representatives, Intern                   Jan 2006 &#173; May 2006
Washington, D.C.
  Administered staff assistant duties such as interacting with constituents &amp; elected officials, and organizing &amp;
      leading Capitol tours.
  Assisted Legislative staff in policy research and drafted constituent mail responses.

EDUCATION
  eCornell, Certificate in HR: Selection &amp; Staffing (2012)
  New York University (NYU), School of Continuing Education, Courses in Organizational Development &amp;
    Human Resources, New York, NY (2010)
  George Mason University, Graduate Courses, School of Public Policy, Arlington, Va. (2007-2008)
  Nebraska Wesleyan University, B.S., Political Science, with Honors, Lincoln, Neb. (2007)
    Thesis: The Effect of Part-Time Work on Health Insurance Coverage: A Test of Privilege Theory

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
  Extensive experience with recruiting, benefits, staff planning, employee evaluation, event planning, budget
    management.
  Utilized database software--IQ (Intranet Quorum), Democracy Direct, Clear Vantage, Lyris, Sharepoint,
    Vocus
  Volunteer: The Adventure Project; Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma Society
  Avid runner (New Jersey Marathon, New York Marathon); Cyclist (Pelotonia 2011)



  
    benefits
  
  
    budget
    management
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    consultant
    consulting
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    event planning
  
  
    facilities
      management
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Harvard
  
  
    Human Resources
    human resources
    HR
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    Knowledge Management
    knowledge management
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    works
  
  
    negotiating
    negotiations
  
  
    newsletter
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    press releases
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Recruiting
    recruiting
  
  
    research
  
  
    staff development
  
  
    Staffing
  
  
    structured
  
  
    website
  


