
           Austin Lawrence                                                                                         (404) 849-9255
              1406 Waterford Green Drive, Marietta, GA 30068		                       Austin@ALawren.com                                               
Cyber Security Engineer
Software engineer with experience as a web application and network systems auditor. Ability to leverage a keen eye for security to provide a holistic view of an organization's security posture.
Work History
Technical Manager, The New Media Arena, September 2006 - August 2007. Part-time employment. Managed this on-line computer gaming establishment, fixed equipment, interfaced with customers, and oversaw all aspects during night long lock-ins and general daytime hours. Developed and deployed a server-based disk emulation distribution system designed to share ISOs over a local area network.
Technologies Used: SmartLaunch, Daemon Tools, Windows Server 2000, NFS

Technical Assistant, Allure Digital Media, Inc. June 2006 - August 2006. Inventoried all equipment and repaired used computers. Loaded digital content for several clients and set up computer systems and displays in the conference room and showroom. Set up database systems for direct mail and email marketing programs.
Technologies Used: MySQL, WordPress

Education
B.S. Computer Science - Georgia Southern University. Projected graduation August 2012.
Currently Learning Python, Windows API, x86 Assembly, and Reverse Engineering.

Professional Associations
Achieved the rank of Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America.
Vice President of the Georgia Southern chapter of the Association of Computing Machinery.



  
    auditing
  
  
    C++
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    content
  
  
    clients
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    email
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    local area network
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    NFS
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Python
  
  
    Red Hat
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    servers
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    Tomcat
  
  
    VOIP
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    Windows API
  
  
    x86 Assembly
  


