
NUZHAT ISHAQUE
Email : nszicpk@hotmail.com
Cell: 0092-323 2458461       
                                                                                                                                                   
CAREER OBJECTIVE 	


To pursue an excelling career in an organization that provides a challenging and an aggressive team oriented work environment and allows me to grow both professionally and as an individual.




PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY	

Designer and Developer with over 7 years of Core experience in all facets of web development including CMC, shopping carts, using open source and Microsoft Technologies.
Specialties include transformation of business requirements into comprehensive technical specifications from personally meeting with clients to discuss their goals in having a web presence.
Research and analysis, design, development, testing, and implementation of code and applications, as well as a variety of integration tools and scripts. 
Have experience in managing team of Developers, QA and Configuration Management resources
Have been both a team leader and a team member, and knows what it takes to get things done. Doesn't only create working inter/intranet sites, but creates better ones and continually strives to improve a site's usability, functionality, and navigation throughout its lifecycle.
Expertise in Web Portal, CMS and shopping cart development using .Net 2.0/ ASP.Net, ASP, Share Point Master pages, Dot net-nuke, Joomla, Word press, magneto, Zen cart, XML, DOM,  HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript,j-query, moo-tools, open source scripts, other open source cms and PHP	

ACADAMIC QUALIFICATION 	

Degree Title
Board/University
Marks

Masters in Computer Technology with Islamic Studies 
SZIC ,Karachi university
68%

Bachelors  in Computer Technology with Islamic Studies
SZIC ,Karachi university
66%

Bachelors  in Commerce
Karachi university
2nd Division





Professional Experience(7+ years)	

ORGANIZATION 
DESIGNATION
TOTAL PERIOD

ALLAMA IQBAL OPEN UNIVERSITY 
Software Engineer
Jan2010-june2011

Plexus Pvt Ltd
Web Engineer
June 2008-Feb 2009

ZUBAIR ELECTRONICS
Web Developer
April 2007-April  2008





Technical Skills	

Scripting Languages:	Asp.net2, asp, PHP, SQL, CSS, JavaScript, Html, DHTML, HTML5, J-query, Mootools.  	

CMS Tools	Dot net-nuke,Catalook.net store, WSI Business Edge, Word press,WPMU, Joomla, Virtue-Mart, Zen Cart, Magneto, Phpbb, Payment gateway integration, eBay, Amazon, Face book Fan Pages, Face book Tabs etc.	

Databases	Mysql, Sql server2000-2005, MS Access	

Frameworks	Microsoft .net2 and 3.5, Smarty, zend. 	

IDEs	Microsoft Visual Studio 2003-2008, Dream Weaver, Net Beans 6, SQL-Yog, xamp ,wamp.	

Version Control	Microsoft Visual Source safe.	

Bug Tracking/Testing	Buggzilla, firebug, IE Developer toolbar, xeno.	

Protocols	TCP/IP, HTTP, SMTP, POP3 and ftp	

Operating Systems	Windows 95,98,2000,XP,NT, Vista, windows7.	

Other Skills	MS Office, Internet, Good Communication and interpersonal skills.	

Experience Summary	

IT Fellow          [Project Manager]    (03/2009-presnt)
Major work Responsibilities

System analysis and development of design specifications from requirements, Project management, implementation plan, integration plans.
Web design and development, determines and suggest best and fastest yet cost saving technique that meet needs and help to achieve desired results.
Analyzes existing web applications and develops or recommends new systems or modifications to existing systems.
Consults with clients to gather information about program needs, objectives, functions, features, and input and output requirements.
Analyzes, defines, and documents requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment, interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks and controls, and outputs.
Uses programming languages to code computer instructions from the systems documentation. Utilizes any special programming techniques necessary to achieve the most effective program.
Writes and maintains documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections.
 Mentor other engineers and, where applicable, take the technical leadership role on specific projects
 Maintains relationships with clients and other departments/companies.
 Ensure that work meets or exceeds project performance, reliability, and quality goals	

Musewerx    [Software Engineer]    (01/2010-06/2011)
Major work Responsibilities

Coordinate with Project Manager to gather information about Development needs,objectives, functions, features, input and output requirements.
Development of web portals from scratch and their maintenance using PHP, MySql and related technologies.
Uses Open source PHP tools and programming languages to code computer instructions from the systems documentation. Utilizes any special programming techniques.
Participate in all phases of SDLC, Writes and maintains documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections.
Conduct Training sessions for word press and php for other staff guidance	

Plexus Private Ltd    [Web Engineer]    (06/2008-02/2009)
Major work Responsibilities

Work Closely with PM, Analyst and team players.
Implementation of web application and their maintenance using DNN and Joomla related Technologies.
Integrate skins on Dnn and joomla.
Work on Web2 based Layouts.
Write css to meet the cross browser compatibility.
Develop and integrate shopping carts. 	

Zubair Electronics    [Web Developer]    (04/2007-04/2008)
Major work Responsibilities

Work Closely with CEO and Project Manager. 
System analysis and development of design specifications from requirements.
 Company Web Portal management, implementation plan, integration plans.  
Web design and development, determines and suggest best and fastest yet cost saving technique that meet needs and help to achieve desired results. 
Uses Open source PHP tools and programming languages to code computer instructions from the systems documentation. Utilizes any special programming techniques necessary to achieve the most effective program. 
Work on day to day task to update company web portal.	

Azd Goods &amp; Carriage Company    [IT Manager]    (01/2004-03/2007)
Major work Responsibilities

Work Directly with CEO and Responsible to monitor Day to day functions of IT Department. 
Supervising and guiding the Project Team, Monitoring and evaluating the Progress.
Day to day administration of activities, appraisal of staff performance, coordinating and managing overall performance of staff.
Responsible for managing the company web portal, present creative idea and communicate the benefits.
Analyze, Design and documents requirement from data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment, interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks, controls and outputs.
Monitor all phases of SDLC, write documentation to describe program development.

Azd Goods &amp; Carriage Company    [IT Coordinator]    (01/2000-12/2003)
Major work Responsibilities

Coordinate and consult with other departments to gather information about program needs, objectives, functions, features, input, and output requirements. 
Coordinate for document requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment, interfaces with other systems.
Coordinate with Project Manager and team to monitor all phases of SDLC.




Activities &amp; Achievement	


Worked as a volunteer for 1 year in Skill Development Council (Jan99- Jan2000) 
Appeared in Software project competition under ACM (DCS-KU) in 2005.
Appeared in Software project competition (SZIC-Ku) &amp; got best software award in 2003.




Projects 	

Project Name	Technical Description	

www.ltrbrands.com	Shopping Cart, Joomla, Magneto, Mage-bridge, Php,mysql	

www.xezo.com	Shopping Cart Magneto	

www.aamobility.com	Joomla, Magneto, Mage-bridge, Php,mysql	

http://www.crabcakestore.com/	Online e-commerce seafood store, crab cake, combo value pack, 32 sea foods listing.PH mysql based custom coded shopping cart.	

www.boldglasses.com	Shopping Cart (php, mysql, Magneto, Affiliate system)	

www.finerpages.com	Web Portal of Web Design Firm(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.pierblue.ca	Web Portal(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.allaroundcatering.ca	Web Portal of Catering Company(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.boxing.bc.ca	Web Portal of provincial sport organization in canada(php/Mysql)	

www.shopyourchops.com	Web Portal of Headshots and demo reel of Actors( php/Mysql)	

www.finerpages.com/isabella-winery	Website of Wine Products(php/mysql)	

www.capwork.com	Website of Capwork Nutrition Limited(php/mysql)	

www.kalgajoum.com/artist	Biography of Canadian Painter(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.virtualease.ca	Web Portal of business consultation service(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.oceansidepenthouse.com	Web Portal of executive vacation suite (php/Mysql)	

www.southridge-events.ca	Web Portal of Southridge School (php/mysql, Word press)	

www.elsanet.org/site	Web Portal of Elsa School(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.lionsbaymedia.com	Web Portal of Advertising Agency(php/Mysql)	

www.urbanactive.ca	Web Portal of Physiotherapy services(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.yellowpointretreat.com	Web Portal of premium vacation property rental (php,mysql)	

www.bycooper.com	Online Presence of a Poet and Philosopher(Joomla, Php/Msql)	

www.budgetdecoratingonline.com	Word press, Amazon store integration, Site and Blog,Php/Msql	

www.colourbyte.co.uk	Web Portal of Graphic &amp; Print Industry(Joomla, Php/Msql)	

www.whyislam.org	Web Portal of Islamic Information(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.budgetdecoratingonline.com	Web Portal of Islamic Information(php/mysql, Word press)	

www.mcci.org.sa	Web Portal of Medina Chamber of Commerce (php/mysql)	

www.elegance-furniture.co.uk	Shopping Cart(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server,catalook.net store)	

www.takeanyware.com	Shopping Cart(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server,catalook.net store)	

www.mufap.com.pk	Web Portal of Mutual Funds Association of Pakistan (Joomla, Php/Msql)	

www.caribbeanunionbank.com	Web Portal of Caribbean Union Bank (DNN, Asp.net, Sql server)	

www.almeezangroup.com	Web Portal of Almeezan Asset Management Ltd(DNN, Asp.net, Sql server)	

www.mcbamc.com.pk	Web Portal of MCB Asset Management Company(DNN, Asp.net, Sql server)	

www.gulfitar.com	Online Product Display of Computer Accessories (DNN, Asp.net, Sql server)	

www.assetlinkers.com	Web site of Asset linkers advertisement Services	

www.riphah.edu.pk	Web Portal of Riphah University(DNN, Asp.net, Sql server)	

www.jamilibrahim.com.lb	Property builders Portal(DNN,ASP.net/Sql Server)	

www.rollersclub.co.uk	Web Portal of non-Profit Organization(DNN,ASP.NET/SQL Server)	

www.casasroble.com	A French Online Portal(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.brighamsurveying.com	Web Portal of Land Surveyors (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.apple-windows.co.uk	Web Portal of Interior Decorators (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.rainbowlmp.co.uk	Web Portal(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.geprecision-engineering.co.uk	Web Portal of a manufacturer(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.sharoncater.co.uk	Web Portal of a Financial Adviser(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.networklimerick.com	Web Portal of Women Business Organization(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.plexuspk.com	Web Portal of Plexus Pvt Ltd(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.antiguacivilengineers.com	Web Portal of an Engineering Firm(DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.colourbyte.biz	Web site of Graphic and Print Industry	

www.pmdc.org.pk	Web Portal of PMDC (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.pakistanembassy.ae	Web Portal of Pakistan Embassy (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.overstoneprimaryschool.org.uk	Web Portal of Overtone Primary School (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.orangeblossomretreats.com	Web Portal of Holiday Rental Services (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

cudevelopmentantigua.com	Web Portal of Property Builders (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.superiorwsiwebsolutions.com	Web Portal of WSI Internet Services (DNN,ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

www.ze.com.pk	Web Portal of Zubair Electronics	

www.xpodenjoy.com	Website of Sterling Electronics Ltd	

www.bcoa.co.uk	Website of Bristol College of Accountancy	

www.usaatax.com	Website of CPA Services (ASP.NET, SQL Server)	

Personal Information	

Father's Name	:	Mohammad Ishaque
Nationality	:	Pakistani
NIC#              :                 42101-1500217- 2
Public Profile   :               http://www.nzwebwise.tk	

References	

Will be furnished on request.		














  
    .Net 2.0
    ASP.Net
    ASP.net
    Asp.net
    .net
    Microsoft .net2
    Asp.net2
    ASP.NET
  
  
    Accountancy
  
  
    Advertising
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    apple
  
  
    artist
  
  
    ASP
    asp
  
  
    Asset Management
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    bc
  
  
    Bachelors
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    book
  
  
    CMS
    cms
  
  
    com
  
  
    interpersonal skills
  
  
    ca
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    consultation
  
  
    Council
  
  
    CPA
  
  
    CSS
    css
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Version Control
  
  
    Databases
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    DOM
  
  
    Dream Weaver
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    Edge
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    features
  
  
    Financial
  
  
    French
  
  
    ftp
  
  
    Funds
  
  
    gateway
  
  
    Graphic
  
  
    HTML5
    HTML
    Html
  
  
    http
    HTTP
  
  
    IE
  
  
    Internet Services
  
  
    Beans 6
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    Languages
    languages
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    logic
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    MS Access
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    windows
    windows7
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows 95
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Word
    word
  
  
    Msql
  
  
    MySql
    Mysql
    mysql
  
  
    object oriented analysis and design
  
  
    Operating Systems
    operating system
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    Painter
  
  
    PHP
    Php
    php
  
  
    POP3
  
  
    press
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Profit
  
  
    program development
  
  
    coding
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    Progress
  
  
    Project management
  
  
    Protocols
  
  
    quality
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    SMTP
  
  
    Software Engineering
  
  
    Visual Source safe
  
  
    Sql server
    SQL Server
    SQL
    Sql Server
  
  
    Sql server2000
  
  
    Supervising
  
  
    System analysis
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Microsoft Visual Studio
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    Web Portal
    web portal
  
  
    Website
    Web design and development
    Web Design
    Web design
    Web site
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  


