
Praveena Vootukuri	

Email: Praveenavootukuri@gmail.com
Phone: +1-408-368-4270

 Areas of Excellence	
Around 8 years of IT experience including 3 plus years in Salesforce CRM  as a Business Analyst with solid understanding of Business Requirements Gathering, translating Requirements into Specifications, Application Design.
Extensive knowledge in SalesForce application areas of Accounts, Contacts, Leads, Campaigns, Opportunities, Activities, Reports and Dashboards
. Managed the requirements traceability matrix, test script writing and leading the user acceptance test process.
Knowledge of Visual Force and Apex.
Excellent Business Requirements Analysis skills: including user interface diagrams, work flow diagrams, use cases, use case diagrams, user stories, business rules, data flow diagrams and business models.
Proficient in Database testing using SQL queries to test back-end applications using SQL Server and Oracle.
Preparing &amp; Reviewing Test Plans, tracking Bugs in BTS
Documentation of software systems developed in various technologies viz. Java/J2EE, .Net
Thorough understanding of Waterfall, Agile/Scrum methodologies 


 Technology Updates	
In-depth understanding of SalesForce applications
Thorough knowledge in VB-scripting 
Thorough knowledge/usage of XML ,HTML
Worked extensively in CMS systems like Oracle eCM and WebSphereCommerce 

Academic Qualification and Certifications
 Master of Computer Applications from Osmania University, India with an aggregate of 74% 
Ceritified SalesForce Administrator
Certified ISTQB Professional

Other Skill Set
 Salesforce				:   Account Management, Contact Management, Content                Management, Lead Management, Opportunity Management, Partner Relationship Management and Case Management
Test Automation Tools	: Quality Center for Management
Languages				:  C, C++, Java, ABAP 
Databases				:  SQL Server, Oracle 10g/11i
Defect Tracking Tools		:  Test Director, JIRA, BugTrack
CMS				:  WebSphereCommerce, MarketLive, Oracle eCM
Version Control Systems  	:    VSS, Tortoise, SVN
Scripting Languages		:  VBScript, HTML, Java Script, XML
Networking protocols       	:   TCP/IP, SAN, HTTP, HTTPS


Major Assignments


1. CEPE
Client: United Educators								 			Feb' 2009-Dec' 2010
Role:  Salesforce Business analyst
This is a liability insurance company for schools, colleges and universities. The website is taken up for redesign and the scope of project includes implementation of salesforce CRM to help streamline processes and better manage their relationships with customers, brokers, and agents. Integrated CRM and Web portals foster real-time collaboration and allow better service for the customers and partners.Designed and established an effective security model for the new website. This also includes developing a Role based Access to the site which is managed by the salesforce administrators.

Responsibilities:
Involved in various stages of the system from analysing the existing system to new system requirement, documenting the gap between the new requirement and the existing system.
Held JAD sessions to collect the business requirement specifications (BRS) 
Worked on creating and specifying the user and profile access level on each object entity level. 
Prepared data files and uploaded the data in to Salesforce.com using data loader and other 3rd party tools.
Worked with the Sales and Marketing team on different requirement study and configuration of the custom objects, enhancements and reports.
Involved in data mapping and migration of data from legacy systems to SalesForce.com Objects and fields.
Performed user acceptance testing, system testing, integration testing and build verification testing in a fast paced Agile environment
 Involved in integrating web service with SalesForce.com to load Leads back and forth from Salesforce.com to Legacy and vice versa.
Developed and configured various Reports and Report Folders for different user profiles based on the need in the organization. 
Defect Tracking
Preparing Summary Reports on led
Conducting Review Meetings within the Team

Environment: Saleforce.com Enterprise Edition, Data Loader, Reports, Custom Profiles, Manage Users, Data Management.


3. BOA CANPOS Identity Management
Client: Bank of America									 		Jun' 2008-Jan' 2009
Role:  Business Analyst
This project will enable Identity Management module as part of the larger 'instant decision' and 'instant credit processing' for the MBNA Canada team. Identity Management module deals with online credit processing where customers are issued credit instantly by identifying privileges, authenticating and validating them at the point of sale terminal. Provided a convenient and efficient solution to BOA that helps consistent cash flow and also improves customer experience. 

Responsibilities:
Collect requirements based on inputs from business users
Identifying User Scenarios based on Business and Functional Requirement Specifications.
Involved in preparing Test Plan.
Preparing Traceability Matrix and Test Metrics.
Knowledge transfer to new team members.
Revalidating and reviewing the already existing test cases.
Developing and executing New Test cases.
Parameterizing the scripts using data tables.
Documenting the test scripts in a structured manner.
Capturing the customized test results.
Coordinating with developers in resolving issues.
Attending weekly status meetings with Project management on testing update.

Environment:   C#.Net 2.0, Asp.Net AJAX, MS SQL Server 2005


4. Jameco Mercado integration
Client: Jameco Electronics						       		Feb'2008 - May 2008
Role: Automation Engineer
Jameco Electronics is a major electronics distributor. The scope of project involved  integrating Jameco website with a sophisticated search tool, Mercado which offers robust search functionality. New features such as SAYT and parametric search terms were introduced. The advanced search functionality includes search by Jameco part number, search by Manufacturer Part Number and search by key word from their product catalog. Results will be presented by product category and will give user more control to filter, sift and sort their search results in a tabular format.

Responsibilities:
Identify Test Scenarios based on Business and Functional Requirement Specifications.
Assist Test Lead in preparing Test Plan.
Prepare Traceability Matrix and Test Metrics.
Knowledge transfer to new team members.
Revalidate and review the already existing test cases.
Review of new Test cases in peer, internal and client review phases.
Develop and execute New Test cases.
Conduct Database testing.
Maintain test scripts using QTP 
Defect tracking.
Work closely with Programmers and Business Analyst to resolve issues. 

Environment:  ASP.Net 1.1 using C#.Net &amp; VB.Net, Oracle 9i using Toad, VSS, Jira,


5. Norm Thompson Outfitters
Client: Orchard Brands							         		     Jun'2006 - Jan' 2008
Role: QA Analyst
The Norm Thompson, Solutions and Sahalie websites (Orchard Brand sites) have been redesigned and advanced search options were added by integrating with Mercado .Category, subcategory and Product detail pages were redesigned and search results included results from the three sister concerns which is robust feature
offered by Mercado. Different Payment methods were added to the existing system.

Responsibilities:
Identify Test Scenarios based on Business and Functional Requirement Specifications.
Assist Test Lead in preparing Test Plan.
Executed the test cases and reported the results to the Business Analyst.
Worked on High priority issues like payment page errors
Conducted regression testing
Prepare Traceability Matrix and Test Metrics.
Knowledge transfer to new team members.
Revalidate and review the already existing test cases.
Review of new Test cases in peer, internal and client review phases.
Develop and execute New Test cases.
Conduct Database testing using SQL.
Defect tracking.
Work closely with Programmers and Business Analyst to resolve issues

Environment:  J2EE, JSP, SQL Server 2005

	6. Policy Administrative System
       Client:	NAIC                                                                Mar' 2005-Jun' 2006
National Automotive Insurance Company (NAIC) is a small insurance company exclusively engaged in providing Liability and Physical Damage Personal Auto Insurance coverage in the state of Louisiana with a niche focus on high risk drivers, known in the industry as "non-standard auto" sub-line. NAIC automation requirements were supported by internally developed application software. Anticipation of growth in business and recognition that a robust, full functionality web based application solution has the potential to make a measurable difference to its business, NAIC embarked on an intense search for Web-based application software, which culminated in selection of Policy Administrative System. This is incorporated with Policy, Claims and Billing Modules, which help NAIC to manage their Business Activities.  

Responsibilities
Identified Test Scenarios based on Business and Functional Requirement Specifications.
Assisted Test Lead in preparing Test Plan.
Working closely with Programmers and Business Analysts to resolve issues. 
Prepared Traceability Matrix and Test Metrics.
Knowledge transfer to new team members.
Revalidating and reviewing the already existing test cases.
Reviewing of new Test cases in peer, internal and client review phases.
Developing and executing New Test cases.
Authored test scripts for functional test cases using QTP and VBScript.
Parameterized the scripts using data tables.
Debugged the test scripts and executed them.
Documented the test scripts in a structured manner.
Captured the customized test results.
Coordinated with developers in resolving issues.
Attended weekly status meetings with Project management on testing update.

Environment:  .NET, SQL 2000 &amp; Windows 2000



7. Emergency Medical System(EMS)
    Client:Technisation                                                               May 2004-Feb' 2005
This project automates the activities in a hospital like booking an appointment with a doctor as an outpatient or an inpatient for surgical purposes depending on the urgency of the patient. When a patient has to undergo any surgical operation, the doctor gives the requirement list to be made available on the day of the operation, like the number of other doctors required for assistance, the number of nurses required, medicines required, quantity of blood if needed etc. This atomization helps the hospital in maintaining the patient records of treatments and there by reduces the manual hours.

Responsibilities:
Analyzing functional specifications, test cases and interacting with Test Lead for clarifications.
Executed the test cases and reported the results to the Business Analyst.
Conducted regression testing and interacted with developers to resolve the issues

Environment :  VB, MS-Access, MS-Excel







  
    Asp.Net
    VB.Net
    .NET
    C#.Net
    .Net
    C#.Net 2.0
    ASP.Net 1.1
  
  
    ABAP
  
  
    Academic
  
  
    Account Management
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    API
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Automation Tools
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    BTS
  
  
    Business Analyst
    Business analyst
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    com
  
  
    Computer Applications
  
  
    Contact Management
  
  
    Content                Management
  
  
    credit
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
  
  
    Version Control
  
  
    Data Management
  
  
    Databases
    Database
  
  
    Documentation
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    Electronics
    electronics
  
  
    Email
  
  
    fast
  
  
    features
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forth
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    HTTP
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    Java Script
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    Meetings
    meetings
  
  
    Access
    access
    MS-Access
  
  
    MS-Excel
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    word
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Networking
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle
  
  
    page
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Project management
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    QTP
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    Relationship Management
  
  
    Requirement
    requirement
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SQL 2000
  
  
    structured
  
  
    tables
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Test Director
  
  
    Toad
  
  
    validation
  
  
    VBScript
    VB-scripting
  
  
    VB
  
  
    website
    websites
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  


