
Karen A. Mesaros
 (412) 418-5996 
mesaros22@yahoo.com


EDUCATION

Master of Arts Degree	Point Park University, Pittsburgh, PA 
			Journalism and Mass Communications 

Bachelor of Arts Degree	Point Park University, Pittsburgh, PA 
			Applied Arts Degree - 4.0 Senior Semester

Associates of Specialized Technology	Art Institute of Pittsburgh, PA
			Visual Communications Major - Dean's List

High School Diploma 		Greater Johnstown Vocational Technical School, Johnstown, PA
			Secondary and Post-Secondary Commercial Art Program


PROFILE
Award winning visual and marketing communications professional with expertise in publishing and social media. Instructor, journalist and non-profit executive. Philosophy is practical, goal and detail oriented. High-end creative solutions delivered on time with sensitivity to budget and customer service.  


QUALIFICATIONS &amp; SKILLS
Seasoned marketing communications, public relations, multimedia and graphic design professional since 1984. Independent marketing communications and public relations professional specializing in advertising and graphic design since 1996. Media skills include digital photography, video production, digital editing, Web 2.0 social media communications and marketing. 

Experienced non-profit executive, project and program manager. Versed in corporate, domestic, and international business presentations, marketing collateral design, writing and production. Additional skills include client prospecting, event planning and promotion, product development, and higher education instruction. Competencies include standard PC and Apple Mac operating systems, Microsoft Office and Adobe Creative Suite applications.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Franciscan University, Steubenville, OH
*	 Red Zone, Pittsburgh, PA	
*	 Black Box Corporation, Pittsburgh, PA
*	 Education Management Corporation, (The Art Institutes, International Inc.) 
*	 FORE Systems, Pittsburgh, PA
*	The Slovak Embassy, Washington D.C.


2011 - Present
The Venue of Merging Arts (V.O.M.A.), Johnstown, PA
Development and Marketing Director
Responsible for ongoing financial development planning, community outreach programs, fundraising, marketing, event planning and public relations. 

Additional activities include: 
First Juried Show, "IMAGINE - Beatles Inspired Exhibit" (Chair)
Centennial @305 Chestnut St  Venue anniversary event(Co Chair)
Help maintain social media communications including Facebook, Twitter
Responsible for Vertical Response email newsletters
VOMA Values custom coupon book fundraiser and sponsor sales (Chair)
VOMA Rising Benefit 2011 Gala  - 2011  (Chair)
Help develop professional volunteer network
Developed WePay online donation campaign
Developed VIP Loyalty Program
Work with staff and board to develop venue rental program
2012 Annual Appeal Mailing (Coordinator)


2007 - Present
Sustainable Environment and Economic Partnership (SEEP s.r.o.), Kosice, Slovak Republic
US Director and Marketing Communications
New business development and promotion for  travel and tourism to Central Europe; food/alcohol imports, genealogy research and general business development

Headquartered in Kosice, Slovakia, I assist the Slovak CEO and US partners with a wide range of services primarily with product marketing, advertising and sales. The corporate mission is to establish Sustainable, Environmental Economic Partnerships (SEEP) between the U.S. and Slovak businesses. 

Current product development and marketing projects include:
* Customized private tours to Central Europe specializing in Slovakia
* Genealogy research
* Food and alcohol imports

2009 - 2010
dbMotion Inc., Pittsburgh, PA
Part-time Marketing Communications Coordinator

As a part-time Marketing Communications Coordinator, I assisted with marketing collateral production ranging from sales, corporate and PR support including corporate events, educational webinars and executive summits. I researched and producing email marketing newsletter and bulletin campaigns via Vertical Response SalesForce (CRM) AppExchange and refined the process by decreasing the production time to a third.

As a continued support to the sales team, I provided analytic reports from the various communication programs along with competitive marketing research. Additional support included trade show planning and booth art production; PowerPoint presentations, project and scheduling management; cost estimation and vendor relations.

During the first three months at this position I was the recipient of a student grant funded by the PA Keystone Innovative Zone (PCKIZ) which subsidized to research to develop a B2B social media and Web 2.0 communications plan with a focus on identifying new online communication resources and increasing readership to the corporate blog. 


2002 - 2008   
Adjunct Professional Instructor
**Bradford School Pittsburgh, PA
**ITT Technical Institute, (Greentree), PA
**International Academy of Design and Technology, Pittsburgh, PA

Prepare and present lessons according to course curriculum within the Visual Communications, Graphic Design, Business Administration, and Computer Information Management programs. Participated as a member of  the advisory board, portfolio development, and course development committees. Assisted with coordination of the quarterly Student Portfolio Shows, Art/Photography Exhibit and choreographed school musical. Methodology incorporates an interactive learning environment via student critiques, online discussions, real-world scenarios, 
guest speakers, and round table forums. 

Course instruction includes but is not limited to: 
*	Basic Drawing
*	Basic Design Theory
*	Color and Design
*	Computer Graphics Software:
*	Adobe Products, QuarkXpress
*	Graphic Design Theory
*	Job Search
*	Human Resources &amp; Supervision
*	Keyboarding
*	Photography Concepts
*	Portfolio Presentation
*	Professional Development
*	Rapid Visualization
*	Typography
**	Video Production &amp; Digital Editing


1993 - 1995 
RPS, Inc., (Fedex Ground), Pittsburgh, PA
Marketing, Print and Web Designer 
Design, illustration and production for quarterly corporate trade magazine, direct mail collateral and 
service literature. Contributed to team efforts in the areas of product marketing, sales promotions, and corporate events.

LAN Administrator and Information Technology Liaison 
Coordinated and administrated a ten-user Apple local area network. Prepared software and PC needs analysis and purchase requisitions. Responsible for installation, network backups troubleshooting, and network archives.  


1986 - 1993
Black Box Corporation, Pittsburgh, PA
Graphic Designer 
Marketing and advertising direction; design and production of direct-mail publications along with sales positioning and pagination. Other duties included project scheduling, trade show support, pre-press quality control, vendor relations, and press approvals.


~~~~~~~~~~~~

AWARDS  &amp; RECOGNITIONS

2000 Admissions Advertising Awards: 
First Place (Direct Mail) - Rising Senior Brochure; Fourth Place (Posters). High School Culinary. Client: Education Management Corporation, Pittsburgh, PA, The Art Institutes International, Inc.

1996  RPS Corporate Recognition Award: Special corporate recognition award as a member of the "RPS Internet Team" for meeting an aggressive deadline  and successfully launching the debut corporate web page.

1996  RPS Corporate Blue Ribbon Award: 
Four-time recipient for extending beyond ordinary job responsibilities.

1990 Superb Printing Award: Presented by the Buffalo Club of Printing House Craftsmen for art direction and  production of "Windows of Opportunity" corporate  roadshow brochure.

1982 Full Tuition Scholarship: The Art Institute of Pittsburgh, PA - Vocational Industrial Clubs of America  (VICA) gold medal recipient, 1982 Pennsylvania State Competition.


~~~~~~~~~~~~

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS &amp; CONTRIBUTIONS

2009 to Present - Resurrection Roman Catholic Church, Johnstown, PA 
Parish Photographer and Media Communications Committee Member

2009 - Resurrection Roman Catholic Church Ethnic Festival, Johnstown, PA 
Cultural Committee Chair 
Responsible for coordinating final church tours following the recent five church merger; managed a group of over 
30 volunteers.

2007 to Present - Western Pennsylvania Slovak Heritage Association (WPSCA), Pittsburgh, PA 
Board Member

2007 to Present - Rotary Alumni Association District 7330, Johnstown, PA  
Association Member

2005 to Present - Father Ryans Arts Center, McKees Rocks, PA 
Advisory Board Member

2005 - IADT Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA
*	  Student Portfolio Show Committee, 
*	  Art &amp; Photo Exhibition Exhibit Coordinator
*	  Choreographer for the IADT Players production of "Unhappily Ever After"

2005 - Slovak Heritage Association of the  Laurel Highlands, Johnstown, PA 
Advisory Board Member

http://www.pittsburghcitypaper.ws/pittsburgh/mckees-rocks-cant-see-mural-for-trees/Content?oid=1337515

2002 to 2005  - National Dance Week, USA
Professional Representative
 Event promotion and advertising.

1997 to 2005 - Slovak Heritage Association 
of the Laurel Highlands, Johnstown, PA
(1998-2005)  President &amp; Board Executive Chair Executive Board administration; grant writing; cultural programming and event planning; instruction of various ethnic programs ranging from folk art, traditions, choreography, and dance. 

(1997-2005) Editor and Publicity Coordinator Produced and edited association newsletter, publicity, promotions and media relations.

2003 to 2004 - Laurel Highlands Historical Village, Inc. NP, Johnstown, PA
 Slovak Ethnic Community Director

2003 - Rotary International 
Group Study Exchange Member 
Czech and Slovak Republics Tour

2003 July - University of Pittsburgh, PA
Slovak Cultural Presenter 
Summer Slovak Language Program

2001 July - Slovaks in America (Exhibit), 
Washington DC, Associate Curator 
By direct request of  Slovak Republic Ambassador, Martin Butora, I was part of a team who researched, developed and installed an exhibit for the grand opening reception of the new Slovak US Embassy Chancery building. The exhibit diplayed a historical prespective of the great immigration of Slovaks and their contributions specifically to Pennsylvania. Associate curators were Eva Riecanska from Bratislava, Slovakia and Hana Hudecova (a Slovak native) who currently resides in Pittsburgh.

2001 January - Nasa Rodina (Our Family) Featured Writer, "From North of the Danube to Southwestern Pennsylvania."  A compilation based on the oral family histories from five women of Slovak heritage on life growing up in Southwestern Pennsylvania. This article served as a promotion for the Czechoslovak  Genealogical Society International (CGSI) 2001 Pittsburgh conference. 

1998 to 2001 - Grecian Odyssey Dancers
Amateur Greek Folkdance Performer. Toured with the ensemble to Greece in 1998, highlights included the group as guest of honor to the Metropolitan of Cephalonia, a televised performance on Greek TV and  headliner ensemble on Olympia Cruise Lines.

2001 - NATO Summit, Washington D.C.
Iwo Jima Memorial Service Presenter 
Designed and presented a memorial plaque on behalf of USMC Sgt. Michael Strank's family to Slovak Republic Prime Minister Mikul&#225;s Dzurinda. Strank, (a Slovak native) who lived in Franklin, outside of Johnstown, PA was known for his 
heroic effort as the commanding officer of the 
Iwo Jima flagraisers.

1991 to 2000 - PAS Slovak Folk Ensemble, Pittsburgh, PA
Slovak Folkdance Performer and Advisory Board Member. Studied ethnic folkdance and songs from various regions of the Slovak Republic.The ensemble was a regular each year at the Pittsburgh Folk Festival, Slovak Day at Kennywood and Pittsburgh Cultural Trust programs among other local and national bookings.

1993 to 1997 - Pittsburgh Folk Festival, Inc., 
Marketing and Advertising Designer, (Pro Bono). Responsible for promotional and advertising collateral and also worked with media agency, Markowitz Communications in producing print and radio campaigns. Coordinated the event program book with collaboration of over twenty country organizations.



~~~~~~~~~~~~

Portfolio of Work

Professional Website: 
http://www.wix.com/karenmesaros/creative
http://www.slovakcafe.com/mesaroscreative/

Sustainable Environmental and Economic Partnership
The following 

Pittsburgh Folk Festival 2010, Social Media and PR Campaign
The following work is part of a master's publication project produced during my studies at Point Park University, Pittsburgh PA.
Website: http://www.pghfolkfest.org/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Pittsburgh-PA/Pittsburgh-Folk-Festival-Inc/116772281711
Twitter: http://twitter.com/Pghfolkfest
Blog: http://pghfolkfest.wordpress.com/
Media Release Press Coverage: http://www.yourmonroeville.com/timesexpress/article/pittsburgh-folk-festival-picks-monroeville-return



~~~~~~~~~~~~

Recommendations

LinkedIn Profile: http://www.linkedin.com/in/mesaros
 "Karen is a very creative out of the box designer with an in-depth knowledge of the utilization of social media maintain client contacts and drive marketing initiatives." April 1, 2010 
Mike McAfee , Clinical Systems Engineer , dbMotion 

"Karen is a creative and energetic worker with keen knowledge of new trends in social media." March 29, 2010  Joel Diamond , Chief Medical Officer, dbMotion 

"Working with Karen for the past year has been great. She has a broad skill set and is able to jump into a range of projects to help move them toward completion. Karen is a hard worker - she is focused, reliable and well-organized. With her immersion in social media, Karen spearheaded my company's understanding, use and integration of this medium into our range of marketing efforts. Thanks for all of your help, Karen!" March 26, 2010 
Kate Kolbrener , Senior Marketing Manager, N. America , dbMotion 
managed Karen at dbMotion 


 "Karen showed great creativity as a Multimedia instructor at ITT. By utilizing an actual Beatles nostalgia band, she engaged her students in how to effectively market concepts in the new millenium." March 25, 2010 Top qualities: Personable , Expert , Creative 
Gene Bozek 
- hired Karen as a Education adjunct in 2007 

"Karen is an industrious, energized executive with exceptional marketing, communication and 
management skills. She connects extraordinarily well with people in diverse cultures and communities." November 7, 2008 
Ed Corriveau , Manager, Pa DEP 
- worked directly with Karen at SEEP, s.r.o. 

"I had the pleasure of working with Karen at Desbrow where she assisted our design department on many major projects. She was easy to work with, creative, dependable and had great attention to detail. We could always count on Karen." November 19, 2008 
Mary Ann Miller, APR , Executive Vice President, Desbrow 
- managed Karen indirectly at Desbrow 

"As co-owner and CRDIR at Desbrow for eight years, I had a long-standing relationship with Karen. 
We quite often faced conceptual development, graphic design and execution project volume beyond our depth and I routinely relied on the expertise, precision, talent and dependability Karen brings. Her wealth 
of experience in developing and producing many different types of communication tactics helped us to effectively meet many delivery challenges." November 6, 2008 Top qualities: Expert, Good Value, 
High Integrity 
Brian Campbell 
- hired Karen as a Graphic/Web Designer in 2001, and hired Karen more than once 

"When I was a non-traditional student working towards a new career, Karen was one of the most influential of my instructors. I owe much of my development as an artist and designer to her mentorship. In the classroom, her assignments were creative and challenging and outside the classroom, her advice and guidance have been truly invaluable to me as a professional." November 3, 2008 
Chris Shondelmyer , Student, International Academy of Design and Technology 
- was with another company when working with Karen at IADT 

"Karen was a colleague at Black Box. She is a strong designer with an amazing attention to detail. She brings passion, insight and experience to any design project. She is a reliable and trusted source for graphic design." November 4, 2008 
Harold Behar , Senior Catalog Art Director, Black Box Corporation 
- worked directly with Karen at Black Box Corporation 

"karen is a very talented graphic designer with an eye for detail and a unique perspective on how to give a project its own identity." December 15, 2008 
John Swisher , vp creative director, MARC USA 
- worked with Karen at SE Group 









Marketing Collateral
Logo Design and Corporate Identity
Newsletters, Brochures, Flyers, Postcards
Billboards, Signage Design
Catalog Design and Production
Promotion Swag and Merchandise
Print and Web Ads
Slide Presentations

Press and Media Kits
Media Pitch Letters	
Press Releases
Fact/Product Sheets
Public Service Announcements
Radio Spots Scripts
Professional Bios
Q&amp;A Sheets	
Media Photos and Captions

Software - (Windows &amp; Mac )
Microsoft: Office, Excel, PowerPoint
Adobe: InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier, Apple Final Cut Pro, QuarkXpress

Social Media Marketing
Vertical Response and Constant Contact
Blogger, Wordpress and TypePad, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Flickr Digg, Delicious







  
    Adobe Products
    Adobe
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Premier
  
  
    Ads
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    advertising and sales
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    artist
    Arts
    Art
    art
  
  
    Art Director
  
  
    agency
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    book
  
  
    Brochures
  
  
    Business Administration
  
  
    business development
  
  
    Catalog
  
  
    Color
  
  
    com
  
  
    oral
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    Corporate Identity
  
  
    course development
  
  
    creativity
  
  
    creative director
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Clientele
    client
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    dependable
  
  
    direct-mail
    direct mail
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Editing
  
  
    email
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    event planning
  
  
    Final Cut Pro
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    fundraising
  
  
    grant writing
  
  
    graphic designer
    Graphic Design
    graphic design
    Drawing
  
  
    Graphic
    Computer Graphics
  
  
    Greek
  
  
    http
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    illustration
    Illustrator
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    instruction
    instructor
  
  
    Keyboarding
  
  
    local area network
  
  
    Letters
  
  
    Logo Design
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    Director
  
  
    management skills
  
  
    marketing research
  
  
    marketing
    product development and marketing
    market
    product marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    Marketing Collateral
    marketing collateral
  
  
    Marketing Communications
  
  
    McAfee
  
  
    media relations
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Multimedia
  
  
    needs analysis
  
  
    network
  
  
    New business development
  
  
    Newsletters
    newsletters
    newsletter
  
  
    Photography
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    pre-press
  
  
    Presenter
    Presentations
  
  
    Press
    press
    Press Releases
    PR
  
  
    Prime Minister
  
  
    producing
  
  
    profit
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Promotion
    promotion
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    publications
    publicity
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    QuarkXpress
  
  
    Radio
    radio
  
  
    reception
  
  
    research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Scripts
  
  
    Supervision
  
  
    TV
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Typography
  
  
    unique
  
  
    vendor relations
  
  
    Video Production
  
  
    Web Designer
  
  
    well-organized
  
  
    Writer
  


