
Chrystal S. Sims
8015 Spencer Hwy. Apt. 31.
Deer Park, TX  77536
Home/Cell: (832) 537-6792

chrystal.sims55@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE

To work as a Timekeeper with a well-known company that uses new technology and software to maintain employee data. 


SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Organization and communication skills; reliable and dependable employee

EXPERIENCE

Timekeeper, Timekeeper, 1/2008 to July, 2011: 

Pasadena Refining Systems, Inc., Pasadena, TX (Through Prosource Staffing, Deer Park, TX)

Compiled employees' time and production records, using computer using Microsoft Excel and Word.  Reviewed work charts, and timesheets for completeness and accuracy. 

Computed total time worked by employees, using computer, post time worked to master timesheet, and routed timesheet to payroll department. Calculated all time  worked or overtime worked by employees, using computer.  Located workers on-site at various times to verify attendance of workers listed for that shift. Frequently interviewed employees to discuss hours worked and pay adjustments to be made.

Responsible for knowing the Union Contract and to follow all contract rules and regulations that pertain to the timekeeping process.
 
Kept track of all 7th day pay, vacations, Funeral leave, Jury Duty, and sick days of each employee.  Issued Absentee reports to all supervisors, Human Resources, Medical, and Management.  Kept track of all time spent Training (Hazwop, VERT) and this was routed to the Training Department.

TWIC card Expires 4/2014/clearance. 

Assistant Manager - Hotel, 10/2006 to 1/2008.

LaQuinta Inns &amp; Suites, Pasadena, TX

Assisted the hotel manager with pertinent duties related to time and production, records of full-time employees, also hiring and training new employees, AP and AR, using calculator and computer and excellent customer service.

Software:

All Microsoft Office software: Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint and the integration processes of all.

TRACK software

EDUCATION

A.A., Paralegal studies
Keiser University, Ft. Lauderdale, FL

Lee College Baytown, TX
Presently taking courses, such as Integration of Microsoft Office 10




  
    AP
  
  
    AR
  
  
    calculator
  
  
    charts
  
  
    excellent customer service
  
  
    email
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    All Microsoft
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    processes
  
  
    phone
  


