
                ANUP GOYAL

#27,16th Cross,7th Main, BTM 2nd Stage, Bangalore 560076, India
Mobile no: +91-8792309619, Email: goyal.anup10@gmail.com

Objective:

Seeking the position of core java developer in an organization where my skills and knowledge are utilized effectively for the accomplishment of organizational goals.
Professional Experience:	



Period	January 2011 - Present	

Position	Team Member &amp; Technical Developer	

Team Size	12	

Project
Description	EFT(Electronic Fund Transfer) is part of Electronic banking System  used  for processing online and offline payment, Generating advice throughCorresponding settlements system and use cash manager Application(CMA) to format transaction message and update the database.

EFT deals with the different types of payments processing generated at end-users and send it to corresponding settlements system to generate the advice in the  format acceptable to end-users and update the corresponding database for eachtransactions.
In EBS Customer request transaction through online(LOLi-Lloyds link Online) or Offline(POLi) through CTS(Customer Transaction Switch) designed by logica. After going through all Checks it is sent to EFT. Where it recognize the payment type(FP, CHAPS etc)  and send it to corresponding settelement system like FP(Faster Payment, CS(Common System) and IAT(Inter-Account Transfer) and From there it Generate a advice and send it to customer in required format.




Nature Of Project	Requirements Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Documentation	

Responsibilities	My basic responsibility was to provide enhancements and new product features
and to resolve payment and advice(Complete EFT-Electronic Fund Transfer)  related problems reported by LBG customers. Specific Responsibilities included
Requirements Analysis and Implementation to support new features and enhancements.
Implementation of requirement,  testing and documentation 
Version Control of the source code*




Hardware	HP NonStop Servers, TANDEM (Himalaya)	

Operating System        	NonStop Kernel (NSK), Windows NT	

Languages	CORE JAVA,C, COBOL, TAL, SCOBOL,SQLCI	

Software	Nonstop Kernel, Guardian90, SQL, Pathway,  TCP/IP, ENFORM,WIN6530	

Databases	Non-stop SQL/MP	













Academic Qualifications and Certifications
Certificate:Cleared Sun certificate in java programming
             Year: 2010
             Version: 1.6

Banking 101

Degree: Bachelor's Of Technology in Information technology
Year: 2010
Percentage: 69.80%
Institute: The Technological Institute of textile and sciences, Bhiwani


 Training/Workshops attended:

WIPRO Initial Learning Program 

Wipro Technology, Bangalore, India 

Courses covered included Unix System Programming,Multithreading,Socket Programming ,C, CORE JAVA, Debugging Technique, GDB.

HP NonStop Servers Technology training program 

Wipro Technology, Sarjapur, Bangalore, India 
Courses include NonStop Kernel architecture, Transaction Management in Tandem, Application development in Tandem using C, JAVA and COBOL.

Training/Workshops conducted:

EBS Electronic Fund Transfer Training 

Conducted a training program in Wipro Technology- LBG for Domain Knowledge related with Electronic Fund Transfer.

Awards and Achievements in Extra-curricular Activities:
Member of the junior college Table-Tennis team.
Participated in athletic at WIPRO RUN 


Programming Skills:

Languages-  CORE JAVA,C

Operating Systems - NonStop Kernel (NSK), Windows

Databases and Query Languages-Non-stop SQL/MP, MYSQL.
Tools- Win6530, TACL
Others-Multithreading, Socket Programming  



  
    Academic
  
  
    Application development
  
  
    banking
    Banking
  
  
    basic
  
  
    C
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    Client
  
  
    Version Control
  
  
    Databases
    database
  
  
    Debugging
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    ENFORM
  
  
    features
  
  
    Guardian
  
  
    HP
  
  
    java programming
    JAVA
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Win
    Windows
    WIN
  
  
    Windows NT
  
  
    MYSQL
  
  
    Operating Systems
    Operating System
  
  
    Pathway
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Requirements Analysis
  
  
    SCOBOL
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    settlements
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Switch
  
  
    TACL
    TAL
  
  
    Tandem
  
  
    TANDEM (Himalaya
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    type
  
  
    Unix System
  
  
    Workshops
  


