
ALEXANDER DE LUNA
                                                                                               CONTACT INFO:

                                                                                               WEBSITE
                                                                                               econosseur.tumblr.com
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO
                                                                                               MOBILE
ECONOMIST &amp; ANALYST                                                                            (310) 913-9011

                                                                                               EMAIL
                                                                                               alexanderdeluna@gmail.com

DEAR HIRING MANAGER:

Viewing the job posting on your website, I feel I can be a vital employee to your clients, your projects, and as a colleague. Pursuing
two degrees in Economics, and Political Science with concentrations in accounting and finance exemplifies my determination and
drive that would be an asset to your company and your long term goals. During my time at the university, I have honed my time
management skills, academic and analytical research capabilities, organizational capacity to allow me to participate in many orga-
nizations regarding finance and economics, as well as keeping my university coursework in check. I am also in the midst of prepar-
ing myself for the CFA Level 1 exam, and the CPA exam which I plan to complete in 2013. As a recent graduate with relevant course
experience, I am seeking a position pertinent to my education, passion, and natural abilities. I am driven and eager to launch my
career in a field where I can join a team to serve the interest of the public and greater community.

My passion and drive for the finance and accounting fields came to life when I worked as an executive assistant for the Gilbert
Quinones Law Firm, where I was soon promoted to the Staff Accountant position. As an intern my duties involved assistance to
all counselors prepare general ledgers of accounts payable, accounts receivable and prepare timely bank reconciliations. As my
administrative assistant tasks I was able to increase office efficiency and productivity my introducing new forms of accounting
software as well as filing systems that allowed the office to work in a more harmonious environment. As the staff accountant I was
in charge of assisting many projects that included a cross-department collaboration; wherein I assisted in business plans expand-
ing the firm by managing relations between the IT, Finance, Research and Development departments in this multi-disciplinary
project I was exposed project management and business strategies and communication skills. My time at the firm was extremely
rewarding when the firm adopted my ac- counting, and filing systems I knew that my thought and input meant something to
the company. I was proud of the part of the projects I was involved with and I know that my contributions for the company were
meaningful, a feeling that I would love to experience again.

During my time at PM Entertainment LLC, I was exposed to the entertainment industry and the operations of hierarchal firms. I
was in charge of budgeting analysis and forecasting expenditures for PM Productions, Distribution, and Parallel Media, all subsid-
iary companies. I learned negotiation procedures for the Directors Guild of America as well as a wide variety of vendors in dealing
with pre, and post productions of a film. I learned how to manage multiple firms' finances by generating weekly and monthly
reports presented to my supervisors, financiers, and investors. I gained the knowledge of strenuous multi-tasking firms' decisions
and business plans, as well as being immaculate with every report and interpretation I generated. Not only was I exposed to the
finance and accounting side of this industry, but I was also in charge of paralegal assistance to the attorneys on hand. I lead many
projects dealing with the financial discovery of employee and plaintiff/defendant audits to be used as viable pieces of evidence
within cases. My time spent at this firm was an invaluable experience that will help me on my future endeavors in the financial and
legal aspects of my career.

The combination of my clientele experience, along with my accounting, and financial analysis, and legal experience has strength-
ened my enthusiasm for a career in a field where all can be utilized to my optimal utility. I have also discovered that I excel at
working independently, under stress, and collaboratively with members from different disciplines. I am eager to take what I have
learned and apply both my academic and professional knowledge to where results can make a real change.

I believe that with my strong work ethic and professional skills in a nurturing and competitive environment, I can make immediate
and lasting contributions. If you are looking for a motivated and dedicated team player, please contact me at (310) 913-9011 or at
alexanderdeluna@gmail.com.

Sincerely yours,


Alexander De Luna
ALEXANDER DE LUNA
                                                                                                     CONTACT INFO:

                                                                                                     WEBSITE
                                                                                                     econosseur.tumblr.com
ECONOMIST &amp; ANALYST                                                                                  MOBILE
EDUCATION                                                                                            (310) 913-9011

University of California San Diego                                                                   EMAIL
          BA: International Studies; Economics                                                       alexanderdeluna@gmail.com
          BA: International Studies; Political Science

Related course work: Market Behavior, Demographic Population Analysis &amp; Forecasting,
                                                                                                     PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
International Trade, Personnel Management, Economic Environment, Statistical Analysis,                                        average good skilled
Econometrics, Business Management, Business Ethics, Business Law, Macro/Micro Econom-                Research and Analytics
ics, Econometrics, Marketing, Accounting, Finance, Politics, Game Theory, International Trade,       Written &amp; Verbal Com
NGO, Economic Development, and Economic Growth.                                                      Presentation Skills
                                                                                                     Project Management
Thesis: Economic Borders, "The European `Identity': The Impact of Borders across the Eu-
ropean Union." Researched, analyzed and prepared a written document utilizing regression             Customer Service
analysis and surveys that identified the impact of borders throughout the EU and their effects       Technology
on the European public                                                                               Typing
Published in 2011: PROSPECT Journal of International Affairs                                         Adobe Creative Suite
                                                                                                     Microsoft Office
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Level I--expected completion January 2013                          Peachtree Accounting
                                                                                                     PASS Accounting
EMPLOYMENT                                                                                           STATA Software
                                                                                                     Quickbooks
Gilbert Qui&#241;ones Attorney &amp; Counselor at Law                         August 2008 - January 2009      &#183;   Humane Society - Staff Leader
Staff Accountant/ Executive Assistant                                                                &#183;   Fluent in Castilian
Hired to assist counselors in paralegal assistance, accounts receivable and as the administrative    &#183;   Satisfactory in French
assistant to the entire office.                                                                      &#183;   ASB President (3 years)
           &#183; Prepared weekly postings of receipts to the General Ledger
               and bank receipts.
           &#183; Prepared daily dockets for assisting counselors in their briefings.
           &#183; Performed basic administrative assistant duties such as filing, recep
               -tionist, and log sheets.
           &#183; Experienced an array of different court cases throughout my time
               with the firm

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Detail-oriented with demonstrated ability to solve problems utilizing the best practice and
financial and statistical software.

Adept at working independently or as a part of a team to deliver efficient and timely results. Ex-
cellent work and business ethics; able to effectively multi-task and complete projects on time.

Excellent communication, organizational and follow-up skills in Castilian.



  
    Accounting
  
  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    administrative assistant
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Alpha
  
  
    A/P
  
  
    basic
  
  
    bookkeeping
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    Business Law
  
  
    Business Management
  
  
    Com
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    Financial Analyst
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    Forecasting
  
  
    French
  
  
    General Ledger
    general ledger
  
  
    LEADERSHIP / SKILLS
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Market
    Marketing
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    office
  
  
    paralegal
  
  
    Peachtree Accounting
  
  
    Personnel Management
  
  
    Presentation Skills
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    Research
  
  
    Statistical Analysis
  
  
    Typing
  
  
    Written
    written
  


