
Sharon S. Grant


          	                                 Lakewood, CO 80227     Home: 303-284-6050     Cell: 303-842-1713
                sharon_grant@comcast.net      http://www.linkedin.com/in/sharongrant

SUMMARY

Creative and strategic communications, marketing and learning and development leader with experience in diverse industries. Support company priorities by addressing expected outcomes and targeting appropriate audiences through identifying, developing and delivering content for initiative needs. Client-focused with strong relationship-building and technical skills. Key competencies include:

Instructional Design	Learning and communications strategy	

Writing, editing and proofreading	Project manager and coordinator	

Change and knowledge management 	Graphic and visual media design	

SharePoint administrator	Web content developer	


TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

Microsoft&#174; - Advanced Office, Access, Visio, SharePoint Administrator, Live Meeting; 
Adobe&#174; - Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Captivate, Acrobat, and Dreamweaver; 
WebEx, SnagIt, HTML

EDUCATION
Dual Master's Public Affairs and Urban and Regional Planning , University of Colorado, Denver (start in Fall 2012)
MHRM in Human Resources Management, Keller Graduate School of Management, Oakbrook Terrace, IL
BA in Anthropology, minor in English Literature, UC-San Diego, La Jolla, CA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Learning Analyst,                                                                                                                      2006-2010
Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), Denver, CO                                       
Partnered with national and hospital-based learning leaders to develop and implement educational programs, including new hire orientation, leadership orientation, compliance education and clinical initiative training. 
Managed content / writing projects including partnering with subject matter experts at all levels of the organization to assist with storyboarding education content, writing and editing just in time materials, locating resources to ensure development and identifying optimum delivery strategies (for up to 70,000 students). 
Designed and developed web-based and for print content for technical and soft skills needs for educators, train-the-trainer and students, including manuals, course content, process documents, eLearning, wikis, etc., in a distributed enterprise learning environment (for 225 educators).
Built relationships and Acted as business analyst and liaison with internal clients, vendors, consultants and IT to implement $5 Million budgeted Learning Management System (LMS) tool to 44 hospital systems and 70,000 employees in line with the organization's strategic priorities of increasing hospital productivity and best practice spread across the system.
Trained over 200 education administrators to administer the LMS for their hospitals and independently develop education strategy. 
Developed communication initiatives to internal clients (up to 1200 staff) to set the stage for program modifications and enhancements and to effectively disseminate information about educational initiatives. 
Provided consultative support to national and hospital-based learning leaders and key stakeholders to plan and implement learning strategies, create education plans and manage the education process for leaders and staff (for up to 70,000 students).


Sharon S. Grant                                                                                                                                   Page | 3 


Worked with various vendors and departments across the organization to implement strategic solutions manage the change initiatives surrounding implementation.
Developed metrics and monitored education results to ensure that implemented learning interventions addressed the identified outcomes and contributed to improved productivity.

Director of Communication / Chief Learning Officer,                                                     2003-2006                                             
PostNet International Franchise Corporation, Denver, CO          
Appraised the current state of training and education to determine effectiveness and direction using several assessment tools; including needs assessment, interview, observation and survey.
Partnered with executive staff, marketing department and clients to write and deliver communication copy and educational materials in a variety of media and formats to deliver a consistent message across the system, including web-based, paper-based, instructor-led, brochures, job aids and help files.
Assessed, designed and developed content for more than 500 domestic franchise stores for a variety of delivery methods. 
Developed sales and marketing guide to assist store owners with improving profitability. 
Managed mid- to large-sized web-based application projects to increase information availability, ease dissemination and save distribution costs, including development and evaluation of RFP's.
Developed content/knowledge management system in HTML/Extranet format to ensure effective communication and content delivery for franchisee and internal team members.
Partnered with graphics department to develop marketing copy for public website and printed copy to increase sales.
Coordinated and implemented programs for annual convention for 400 attendees and 6 regional programs annually for 20-70 attendees.

Office Manager,                                                                                                                            2002-2003
SWCA Environmental Consultants, Las Vegas, NV                                                                
Compiled and edited RFPs, RFQs and SOQs for on time delivery to potential clients.
Partnered with archeology project lead to edit archeology reports for projects.
Developed professional document layouts, including appropriate graphics, to market proposals. 
Performed office management and administrative duties.

Senior Technical Writer,                                                                                                             2000-2002
AG Communication System, Phoenix, AZ                                                				       
Managed writing project timelines and priorities to meet project milestones, including consulting with hardware and software designers and engineers to gather and validate technical content for distribution to clients. 
Designed and developed technical documentation for delivery to internal and external customers, including writing original content for context-sensitive online help files.
Organized and facilitated several action-planning sessions with technical customer support personnel to analyze competencies and development goals and develop training and educational plans to increase customer and employee satisfaction.













  
    administrative
  
  
    Acrobat
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    brand identity
  
  
    brochures
    brochure
  
  
    business analyst
  
  
    Business development
  
  
    business processes
    business process improvement
  
  
    change management
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consultation
    consultation
    consulting
  
  
    content
    content management
  
  
    corporate communications
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    editing
    edit
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    Extranet
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    Graphic
  
  
    help desk
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    instructor
  
  
    IT management
  
  
    knowledge management
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    marketing copy
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Office
  
  
    needs assessment
  
  
    Communicator
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    office management
  
  
    online help
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Page
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    project lead
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    sales
  
  
    storyboarding
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    technical documentation
  
  
    trainer
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    website
    web content
    websites
  
  
    WebTrends
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    content / writing
    writing skills
  


