
SAMSON JACOB
Email:  kjsamson@gmail.com 
Mob: +966-541078399
Tel: +96633573816
Introduction:
Mechanical Engineer with 10 plus years of industry experience with 8 plus years related to turnaround planning and scheduling.  
Maintenance activities will include planning and Scheduling, Estimation, Material Procurement, Execution, Monitoring &amp; Control of Major Turnarounds of Petrochemical Plants.
Have proven capability to perform maintenance operations responsibilities with minimum guidance and support in a safe, efficient, and economic manner
Skills
Develop quality activity plans with optimal resources, minimal outage duration and to meet budget targets
Cost estimating of all types of equipment including all disciplines -mechanical, electrical, instrumentation, stationery, CS as well as labor rates.
Expertise in project planning software's such as Primavera 6.1/6/5/3 and MS Project.
SAP knowledge in Material Order, Work Order, and Notification and PR creations.
Excellent organizational ability and effective communication across all levels of staff.
Contracting strategy and negotiation skills that lead to competitive results
Safety mindset and trained in behavior based observation approach including positive intervention skills.
Organize Turnaround planning meetings to ensure all teams participate fully in the planning process 
Accepts accountability for own personal safety as well as the safety of others. 
Supports the Dept's Safety commitment to ensure a safe work place for all through active participation in Safety meetings, Job Safety Analysis
Strong skills in leading field construction and contractor supervision.
Knowledge and Experience with Windows operating systems and Applications.
Progressive attitude to move with technological advances and continually improve.
Professional Experience:
1. SADAF Petrochemicals, KSA
Company Profile: 

SABIC SADAF EDC T/A May 2013(Planning phases ongoing)
SABIC SADAF EDC T/A May 2011
SABIC SADAF Salt Plant Mining T/A Dec 2009
SABIC SADAF EDC T/A May/June 2009 and Salt Plant Brine 2009 T/A
SABIC SADAF Styrene-II T/A March 2008 Salt Plant Mine 2008 T/A
SABIC SADAF Salt Plant Mining T/A Nov 2007, Styrene-I T/A May 2007
SABIC SADAF Salt Plant Brine T/A March 2007
SABIC SADAF UDD T/A Feb2007
SABIC SADAF EDC T/A March 2007
SABIC SADAF Salt Plant Mining T/A Nov 2006.
Duties and Responsibilities
Develop the detailed activity plan and analyze the resource requirement for the TA and coordinate the outsourcing of Manpower, equipment, material and services for the successful completion of TA
Estimate and network all activities to determine the critical path, manpower requirements for each skill and equipment needs and optimize the critical path with the help of concerned discipline
Identifies Contract Jobs and participate throughout the preparation of contract scope, outsourcing, bidding and technical evaluation. 
Technical evaluation of bidding for identifying the Contractor to execute the turnaround
Commercial proposal review and negotiation to meet the budget and scope
Develop the Risk plan and continuous analysis and mitigation plan by coordinating the respective discipline 
Monitor and track milestone and ensure proper follow-up of material order, material tracking, and relevant service request required for the turnaround service.
Focal point for all technical evaluations of services and material and Custodian of the equipment files containing specifications, drawings, BOM lists, blind list, decontamination procedure, combined work lists. 
Continuous communication and coordination with outside contractors for the proper alignment and harmony of proper execution of job during T/A
Coordinate with different departments for schedule interface of project Engg, expansion, revamp, and other special disciplines to integrate into the overall plan.
Forecast all shutdown activities on daily basis to control progress, time and resource requirement against each activity to ensure timely completion
Control and monitoring each shift schedule as per the actual progress being take place in the field.
Prepare status updates and all the reports which the planning supervisor has to present in the turnaround shutdown meeting
Develop the final turn around closing report of Actual Vs Plan of cost and resources etc

2. PLEXTEX Technologies Ltd Mumbai, India
Position:	NDT Inspection Engineer 
Period:	January 2004 - August 2005
Major Projects Done
Pre Service Inspection of KAPP (Karnataka Atomic Power Project unit 3 &amp;4. Maharashtra)
In-service Inspection of TAPS (Tharappur Atomic Power Station Unit 1 &amp;2, Karnataka)
In-service Inspection of NAPS (Nellora Atomic Power station Unit 1, Uthar Pradesh)
In-service Inspection of Reliance Industries Ltd Mumbai.
In-service Inspection of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd Mumbai
In-service Inspection of KAPS (Kakrappar Atomic Power Station Unit 1 &amp;2 Gujarat)
In-service Inspection of Haldia Petrochemicals Haldia, Kolkata, West Bengal.
In-services Inspection of MCCPTA Haldia (Mitsubishi Chemicals Company Haldia West Bengal)

Duties and Responsibilities
Pre Service and In-service inspection of the various processing Equipments include Steam Generators, Heat Exchangers, Coolers, Heaters, Condensers etc
Responsible for the NDT activities on site as site engineer 
Tube Inspection and analysis of eddy current test signals of various heat exchangers and condensers Tubes. Calibration of eddy current system according to ASNT specifications



3. Cochin Shipyard Kerala, India
Position:	Maintenance Trainee Engineer 
Period:	November 2002 - October 2003

Duties and Responsibilities
Supervising the construction activities include hull repairing, fabrication, piping and structural maintenance.
Active involvement in maintenance of the Ship equipments like de-carbonation of Engines, Overhauling of Control valves, Rotating equipments like Various Pumps, Hydraulic pumps(staffa motors)  by taking necessary shutdown maintenances
Participating in preparation of invoice, Cost Estimates, Quantity takeoff and Site measures 

Major projects done
Sagar Bhushan (ONGC India)
Maintenance activity of Sagar Samrat (Drill Ship of ONGC)
DCI- IV (Maintenance and Construction Activities The ship, Dredging   Corporation India)
Construction And Maintenance work of the ships coming at Cochin Shipyard Ltd



Professional Qualifications:
Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (4 Year Degree) from 
Government Engg College Thrissur, Calicut University' 2002
ASNT Level II In NDT
Professional training for Primavera Project Planner P6.1, P6, P5, P3e

Computer Expertise:
Primavera Project Planner P6.1, P6, P5, P3 enterprise edition
CASP 8.2C (Computer Assisted Scheduling and Planning) 
SAP transactions including work order/Notification/PR creation/Material Order
Microsoft Project 2007
Auto CAD 2000
MS Office 2007

Personal Information:
Nationality		    :	Indian
Date of Birth		    :	21-06-1978 
Marital Status	             :	Married
Driving License              :    Yes (Indian &amp; Saudi Arabia)
Languages known           :    English, Hindi, Tamil &amp; Malayalam
Permanent Address         :    Karakkattu House, Chethy post, Janakshemam,
                                      Alappuzha, Kerala, India, Pin-688530


Mobility: Willing to relocate
References: Available upon request



  
    Auto CAD
  
  
    budget
  
  
    C
  
  
    Calibration
  
  
    closing
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    2000
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    PR
  
  
    Primavera Project Planner
  
  
    progress
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    repairing
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    supervisor
    Supervising
  


