
Contact
Email: shijin.abraham@utah.edu
Email: abraham@cs.utah.edu
Phone: 385-234-1911
http://www.cs.utah.edu/~abraham/

                                        Shijin Abraham
Objective
As a graduate student, I am seeking internship opportunities which will allow me to make meaningful
contributions while utilizing my education background and my work experience.

Employment summary
System Software Engineer at Hewlett-Packard from Aug-2006 to Aug-2011.

         Member of release team for OpenVMS 8.4 and OpenVMS 8.3-1h1.
         QA engineer for IPCI (IP Cluster Interconnect) feature for OpenVMS 8.4.
         QA engineer for project OpenVMS as a guest OS on HP Integrity Virtual Machine.
         Worked in filesystem QA team for HP-UX operating system.
         Worked in QA team for OpenVMS support on Next Generation Integrity Servers.
         Developed and maintained test tools for OpenVMS and HP-UX



Education
Degree                                    Institution                               Year              GPA
Master of Science in Computer Science     University of Utah                        Fall 2011 -       3.8
                                                                                    Present
Bachelor of Technology in Computer        College of Engineering Trivandrum,        2002-2006         71%
Science                                   Kerala University, India


Technical Skills
Languages : C, Python, C++, Java, Shell Scripting
Operating Systems: OpenVMS, Linux, HP-UX &amp; MS Windows.


Academic Summary
Fall 2011                                         Spring 2012
Advanced Algorithms                               Operating Systems
Database Kernel &amp; Large Data Management           Computer Architecture
Compiler Based Autotuning-Seminar                 Data Mining
Colloquium                                        Independent Study with Dr. Jeff M Philips


Academic Projects
    "Web based information retrieval system&#168; in Navigation Software Simulation Division of ISRO
      (Indian Space Research Organization) Inertial Systems Unit (2006)
                                             Employment History
       Project                                                   Description
   OpenVMS 8.4 &amp;            OpenVMS version 8.4 is the most recent version of OpenVMS operating system.
   OpenVMS 8.3-1h1          My responsibilities included
                                 Investigation of the planned features.
                                 Preparation of test plan and test case documents.
                                 Automation of the test cases and modification of the test tools
                                 Planning and setup of the test bed.
                                 Execution of the tests and bug reporting.
                                 Working closely with the developers in order to triage high impact bugs
OpenVMS v8.4 as a guest     This project implemented support for HP Virtual machine in the OpenVMS
operating system with HP    operating system. My responsibilities involved
Integrity Virtual Machine        Testing out the early prototypes of HPVM and providing feedback
                                 Feature investigation, test plan development, implementation and
                                     execution of test cases.
                                 Automation of tests and modification of the test infrastructure to support
                                     it.
      IPCI project          IP cluster interconnect was a feature that enabled the use of TCP/IP protocol for
                            OpenVMS cluster communication. I was involved in
                                 Testing the early versions of the IPCI product and providing feedback.
                                 Design, implementation, execution and automation of tests.
                                 Setup and maintenance of IPCI test bed for testing and customer
                                     environment reproduction.
                                 Supporting the development team to reproduce and isolate customer
                                     issues.
      HP-UX                 I was involved in test case development and automation for HP-UX filesystem.
OpenVMS cluster testing     OpenVMS clustering is the unique selling proposition of the OpenVMS
                            operating system. My responsibilities included
                                 Designing new test cases and updating the existing test tools.
                                 Studying customer reported issues and replicating customer setup and
                                     usage scenarios in the test bed.
                                 Regression testing on the cluster software and measuring performance.
                                 Assisting the customer support and presales team in customer
                                     engagements.
   Test infrastructure      I worked on development and maintenance of several test suites on OpenVMS
    development &amp;           and HP-UX. The languages used included Python, Perl, C &amp; Korn Shell.
      maintenance
Supporting OpenVMS on       OpenVMS support for the latest Itanium based servers .My responsibilities
   "Next Generation         included
   Integrity Servers"            Investigation of the features of new hardware
                                 Design of test cases, implementation and execution of test.
                                 Supporting customer engagements by the developer team.



  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    clustering
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    features
  
  
    hardware
                                 Design
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HP-UX                 I
    HP-UX
  
  
    Explorer
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Korn Shell
  
  
    Languages
    languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    MS Windows
  
  
    Next
  
  
    OpenVMS v
    OpenVMS
    OpenVMS 8.3
    OpenVMS 8.4
  
  
    Operating Systems
    OS
    operating system
  
  
    developer
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    plan development
  
  
    Python
  
  
    QA
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    selling
  
  
    Servers
    servers
  
  
    Shell Scripting
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    test tools
  
  
    unique
  


