
Vipin Lavania			Page 2







PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Sun Certified Java Programmer (1.2) with 12 Years of Experience in java development in domains like financial and banking, mainly in foreign exchange, Services financial securities and Mutual Funds.
Currently working in IBM Global Account for over all implementation of Maximo TSRM and CCMDB. 
Have worked on ISM 7.1 implementation of Rogers communication (Senior Service designer/Architect) 
Worked as a Java developer in Bank of America implementation of Maximo.
Worked with Tivoli as part of  Change PMP development team to develop Change process manager 7.1 and 7.1.1
Worked on content loader development/enhancement
Worked on Several java J2EE project with large implementations like G2 (Mutual funds). EIBS (Share market) and portals like ESP(Retail)
Handled design and development of tools like Streaming quotes , SWIFT code and Migration utilities 
Sun certified java programmer (1.2) and TSRM 7.1 implementation certification.



AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Operating systems	Windows/ Unix	

Products/ Tools	Weblogic Portal, Weblogic Integrator, IPlanet web Server, Java Script, Jbuilder, WSAD 5.0, 6.1, RAD 6.0, Maximo621, 7.1, 7.1.1, 7.2.1	

Technologies/Tools:  	Web Technologies, Websphere Application Developer, Eclipse, RAD.	

RDBMS:	DB27.5, Oracle 9, SQL Server	

Languages:        	Java1.1, 1.2, 1.3. 1.4.2,.1.5 EJB 1.1, 2.0 JSP and Servlets, XML, XSL, Struts 1.1	

Application Server:	Weblogic 4.5, 5.1, 8.1, Web Sphere 4.5, 5.0,6.1	

Designing Tool :	Rational Rose, UML	

Business Domains	Finance, Retail and Equity	



CERTIFICATIONS:

ITIL @V3 foundation
IBM Certified Deployment Professional - Tivoli Service Request Manager V7.1
IBM Certified Deployment Professional - Tivoli Service Request Manager V7.2
SCJP - Sun Certified Java Programmer (java 1.2)


EDUCATION

Masters in Computer Applications, 1998
Masters in Statistics, 1993



PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

Jan 2006 - Dec 2006,	              		- Patni computer systems Inc, USA
May 2005 - Dec 2005			- Zensar, Pune, India
March 2003 - May 2005			- Mphasis Software and services, Mumbai, India
May 2001 - March 2003                                  	- Nelito Systems, Mumbai, India	











CURRENT ASSIGNMENT

IBM Global Account Implementations							      Nov 10 - Till date.
Location: Austin, Texas, USA.

Client 		:  (IBM) IBM Global Account
Environment	: DB2(Database), WAS(Websphere Application Server), Tivoli Base Services, TSD(Tivoli Service Desk), AIX (Operating System),Java, Windows XP(Operating System),VMImage(Development environment tool)
Skill/Tools        		: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Birt
Role			: Senior Service Designer/ Architect

This project is to build an instance for all kind of IT Services for IBM worldwide organization. That includes ticket management, Change and Configuration management, asset management, Service catalog and self service as a unified single point of entry. This project global account is IBM helpdesk and Handles all the service tickets raised by IBM employees. This is a large system and accounts for estimated 1500 + concurrent users and more than  total 300K users.

Responsibilities:
Designed build process using content loader
Design and Development of features assigned 
Have single handedly planned and implement a pilot upgrade project IGA to 7.2.1 TSRM/CCMDB and prepared report and presentation of the out come that will help in sizing the effort.
Supporting the maintenance team if they are not able to answer some questions on some incidents.
Build and deployment of defect and features on the release.
Part of Architecture team to develop architecture documents of IGA Service Catalog 7.2
Worked as SME for Rogers and IGA support. 





PREVIOUS ASSIGNMENTS

ISM implementation in Rogers IT implementation				    September 09 - March 2011
Location: Austin, Texas, USA.

Client		: (IBM) Rogers IT, Canada
Environment	: DB2(Database), WAS(Websphere Application Server), Tivoli Base Services, TSD(Tivoli Service Desk), AIX (Operating System),Java, Windows XP(Operating System),VMImage(Development environment tool)
Skill/Tools        		: Maximo 7.1.1.5, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, XML, Birt reports
Role			: Senior Service Designer/ Architect

Rogers is one of the largest communication service providers in CANADA. As part of ongoing information technology transformation  IBM is implementing ISM( Service Request Management and change and configuration management done through ISM7.1,) Mainly as part of IBM team our job is to suggest and provide implementation of the best practices and design and  align it with there current requirements. In this project I am working on, 

Responsibilities:
Design and development of Change templates and loading mechanism through MEA.
Working as Lead Designer/Architect.
Worked for End to end implementation of ism from inception to making it Live.
Design and development of end to end change process,
Devising the migration process which will be basically a combination of migration manager package and SQL scripts and implementation of the requirements.
designing security profiles 
Configuration of Maximo to implements the requirements.
Design change Enterprise and IMAC Change process. 
Part of training as SME to the customer









Bank of America Maximo Implementation			  		August 2008 - September 2009
Location: Austin, Texas, USA.

Client                   : (IBM) Bank of America (USA)
Environment	: DB2 (Database), WAS (Websphere Application Server), Tivoli Base Services, TSD(Tivoli Service Desk),  AIX (Operating System),Java, Windows (Operating System), VMImage (Development environment tool), RAD
Skill/Tools        	: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Java1.4.2
Role		: Maximo Developer

Bank of America is one of the big customers for IBM in North America of Maximo, They are in process of implementation of Maximo 7.1.1.5 for there Change, Configuration and Service management. They have customized all Maximo to make it fit for their need as a large organization.

Responsibilities: 
Design and Development of Queries which will be used for start center result sets
Design and Customization of Field Level Historical data(out of box Maximo provides record level history)
Development and Customization of Mass CAB Approvals/Rejections 
Part of team in development of approval workflows
Development of most of Conditional UI to show, hide and make fields read only depending on the roles. 
Development of Mass functions for Service Voting members (OIG for service CIs), Change OPS Reviewer.
Development of Functionality of applying events to RFC and add Event Approvers, SLM Approvers and Additional Approvers and Services.
Writing various field validations classes, Custom Actions, Data Beans as a solution to Bank Of America change process.
Build rules Engine for automate approvals and other actions which need to take place depending on certain rule can be automated.



Run book Automation	  						             	  May 2008 - August 2008
Location: Austin, Texas, USA.

Client                   : IBM (Tivoli Software and Services - USA)
Environment	: Windows/ AIX
Skill/Tools        	: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Java1.4.2
Role		: Programmer/Analyst



Run book Automation initiative is to combine the end to end implementation of a CI/Asset through the workflow so that this can be done by one click of button. For this workflow is enhanced to handle requests in form of script and can communicate to TPM for deployments. CI attribute runtime values are also be assigned dynamically.

Responsibilities: 
Design and development of Run book Designer Application, Which extends workflow application to provide user with actions and tasks to automate their process.
Designed sample workflows for TPM Interactions through run book.



ISM 7.1, 7.1.1								         December 2006 - May 2008
Location: Austin, Texas, USA.

Client                   : IBM (Tivoli Software and Services - USA)
Environment	: Windows/ AIX
Skill/Tools        	: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Birt
Role	: Programmer/Analyst

Maximo Asset Management helps companies in asset intensive industries increase their return on asset investment while decreasing their operating costs, including greater work force efficiency, inventory/material optimization and lower supplier transaction costs. Maximo IT service management solutions are the applications you need to make the most out of your IT investments. Going beyond stand-alone IT asset management and IT service desk capabilities, Maximo IT Asset Management software provides a comprehensive view of all your critical IT business processes, enabling you to effectively manage IT assets, resources, changes and service levels using ITIL&#174; best practices.

Responsibilities: 
Design and Development of Start Centers for change management.
Worked in development of Change application derived from Base change.
Design and development of Birt Reports for change management
Part of first Half release(blue wash) this was Maximo 621
Design and development of users KPIs, result sets and security groups for Maximo Change management
Designed and developed security roles and privileges on the basis of ITUP with my team lead
Design and development of approval workflow for change owner and CI owner.



Prescott Derby System							January 2006 - December 2006

Location: Rochester, New York, USA.

Client                     	: (Patni computers) Thomson Legal and Regulatory (USA)
Environment	: Windows
Skill/Tools        	: Web sphere 6.0, Struts 1.1, EJB 2.0, XML, Eclipse
Role		: On-Site Coordinator

Thomson west is company that is in legal in USA and is famous for their product called West Law. This system is generally used here in USA for buying the legal document related to market research news research and broker research. This system interacts with other systems like NOVUS, Mercury, SAP and prism using MQ, LDAP or Web services. I am handling the maintenance to this system with the team at offshore.

Responsibilities: 
Coordinating and managing work with offshore team
Suggesting new performance Improvements
Estimating the trackers timelines.
Planning maintenance deliveries
Part of development team working for Feature development, which includes Writing EJBS, code for transformation of XML document to HTML by applying XSL.




SK 600K								       	 March 2005 - December 2005
Location: Pune, India.

Client                    	 : (Zensar) Senshukai (Japan)
Environment	: Windows/ AIX
Skill/Tools        	: java, JSP, EJB2.0, Web sphere, DB2, Eclipse  
Role		: Technical Lead
	
This is a migration project from PL/1 to java and the approach followed was line by line migration that is new in migration project like that. Its 60 member team divided into four parts and I was leading one team.  I was working on O3W framework which is a proprietary framework of client and is similar to struts. My role was basically support team with the development by making guidelines and tools to automate some of the process.

Responsibilities:
Standardization of the Migration process.
Code reviews for the team and providing technical solution.
I was responsible for the all the partial deliveries for my module.
Developed Source code parser which can parse the PL/1 code to java to approximate 60-70%


MCV DBR(My Customer View DB Remodeling)			                      January 2005-March 2005
Location: Mumbai, India.

Company/Client                     : (Mphasis) Wells Fargo (US)
Environment		: Windows
Skill/Tools    	: EJB2.0, Web logic 8.1, Weblogic portal Oracle 9i, Weblogic Workshop, Web   Methods Integration Server  
Role			: Technical Lead

The View (My Customer View) is a major Wells Fargo wholesale banking group (WFB) initiative to provide a single integrated view of the Bank's wholesale customer relationships and its points-of-contact. The Data Base Remodeling is done for the system and the required impact on the other layers. I, as a Module lead in the project doing the impact analysis and Design for the Presentation layer and Middle layer of the project

Responsibilities:
Impact analysis for the project  
Coding for the Presentation layer
Low lever design for the project
Done Off-shore installation of the old application. 


LOA(Learning Operations Automation)				             October 2004- January 2005
Location: Mumbai, India.

Client                     		: (Mphasis) Pfizer (US)
Environment		: Windows
Skill/Tools    	: EJB2.0, Weblogic 8.1, Weblogic portal Oracle 9i, Weblogic Workshop, Weblogic Integrator (WLI) , XML  
Role			: Technical Lead

This is a Learning automation Intranet application done for Pfizer (US) learning center.
This application involves automation of various emails sent to the Pfizer employees for various training in which they are enrolled/invited. This application was the complete automation of the training center process for organizing, conducting and scheduling trainings.
This application involves workflows for assigning trainees, trainee approvals, trainee testing and sending mail across the organization at a given time..

Responsibilities:
Development of Low Level Design for the trainee track
Development of Email common component that sends mails in HTML format
Helping developers in development of testing, trainee modules

ESP(Every Serve Perfect)				                	           	 August 2004 - October 2004
Location: Mumbai, India.

Client                          	: (Mphasis) Diageo (UK)
Environment		: Windows
Skill/Tools        		: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Birt
Role			: Technical  Lead

This is a portal developed for Diageo, the largest liquor manufacturing company in UK . this portal has targeted the pub owners who can register with the site and get the information about the new product launched by the company. I as a senior software programmer developing functionalities like login(Authentication) and contact us and managing a sub team of two people and conducting review of development and test cases. I have also developed the email functionality in whole of the site.



Responsibilities:
Development of Login module end to end.
Development of administration Module
Development of FAQ and contact us screens
Development of email component that was used through out the application.


G2 Systems						                	           	 March 2003 - August 2004
Location: Delhi, India.

Client                    	 	: (Mphasis) Fidelity Investments (UK) 
Environment		: Windows/ AIX
Skill/Tools        		: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Birt
Role			: Java Developer

The G2 project is meant to re-engineer the existing Mutual Fund Transfer Agency System to a J2EE based application on Websphere/DB2. this system has its framework, implemented in EJB1.1 which extensively uses various patterns for the different layers, and is highly configurable and scalable. The G2 framework has a Business Service Interface (Session Bean), which provides client side API for different clients. Mozilla Client interacts with BSI thru Live connect (Java Script to Java Bridge), On server side different business object wrapped in session beans interact with each other thru server delegate. These business objects interact with XML based persistence framework to access database.


Responsibilities:
Development of Authorization module
Part of Framework team for Information delivery module
Development of JMS implementation for generation of documents.
Designed testing strategy for "Information delivery" module.



EIBS						    			            May 2001 - March 2003
Location: Mumbai, India.

Client                     		: TCS (deployed in HSBC, HDFC, Apollo Sinduri, Anagram Securities)
Environment		: Windows
Skill/Tools        		: RMI, Maximo 7.1.1.3, Web Sphere 6.1, DB2, RAD 6.0, XML, Birt
Role			: Java Developer


This is a Product developed by TCS for various brokers of the share market. This product enables a broker to verify the exposure and margins at the dealer and branch level. Also all the broker level validations can be done before hand to sending the order to the Neat or bolt terminal. Also the dealer and client can trade on both NSC and BSC with the same terminal. This product enables client to trade on internet also. The broker and branch can work with VSAT connections also.

Responsibilities:
Development of Market watch component
Development of Admin Console for HSBC 
Implementation of Application in HSBC
Development of "file upload" application















Vipin Lavania

1966 Kemp wood Loop, Round rock, Texas-78665
Home:  5124336672
Cell: 5125060387
 E-mail Address: lvipin@yahoo.com








  
    AIX
  
  
    Analyst
  
  
    API
  
  
    Apollo
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Asset Management
    asset management
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    automate
  
  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    banking
  
  
    book
  
  
    BSC
  
  
    BSI
  
  
    business objects
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    catalog
    Catalog 7.2
  
  
    Change management
    change management
  
  
    Configuration management
    configuration management
  
  
    content
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    Data Base
    Database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    Email
    email
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    EJB1.1
    EJB2.0
    EJB 1.1
    EJB 2.0
  
  
    Equity
  
  
    Estimating
  
  
    features
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    Web Sphere 4.5
    Web Sphere 6.1
    Web sphere 6.0
    Web sphere
    Websphere
  
  
    IMAC
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Investments
    investments
  
  
    IPlanet
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    Java
    java
    Java1.4.2
    Java1.1
  
  
    java 1.2
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    Beans
    beans
  
  
    Java Script
  
  
    Jbuilder
  
  
    JMS
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    team lead
  
  
    Law
    Legal
    legal
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market research
  
  
    Market
    market
  
  
    access database
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Windows
    Windows (Operating System
  
  
    3. 1
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Migration
    migration
  
  
    Neat
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Operating systems
    Operating System
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Oracle 9
  
  
    DB
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    PL/1
  
  
    prism
  
  
    Coding
    Programmer
    programmer
  
  
    RAD 6.0
    RAD
  
  
    Rational Rose
  
  
    RDBMS
  
  
    read
  
  
    research
  
  
    Retail
  
  
    RMI
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Securities
  
  
    Servlets
  
  
    scripts
    script
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Struts 1.1
    struts
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Tivoli
  
  
    UML
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    View
    view
  
  
    web Server
  
  
    Weblogic 4.5
    Web logic 8.1
    Weblogic 8.1
    Weblogic
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSL
  


