
THOMAS E. SOWERS	
251 Walnut Street Road
Salem New Jersey 08079
Cell: 609-313-5967

OBJECTIVE: Supervision (Project Installations, Senior Estimator)

SUMMARY

31 years experience in Engineering, Management, Project Construction Oversight and Estimating.

BEK Inc &amp; KBR Inc. Newark DE 
Cianbro Company Baltimore Maryland
Sunoco Inc. Philadelphia, PA
PSEG ICON: Salem New Jersey

Task Manager: February 2010 to May 2011
Primary responsibilities of projects field installation for civil, mechanical, welding and electrical disciplines. Daily field verifications for procedural compliance, material &amp; design verification, interface compatibility, environmental controls, personnel training qualifications, nuclear safety, industrial safety, personnel health and safety. Responsible to maintain and enhance established quality assurance programs, policies, processes and procedures ensuring that performance, quality of products conform to state, governmental regulatory guidelines (Nuclear Regulatory Commission 10 CFR 50 appendix B), PSEG procedural and purchase order requirements.


Sargent &amp; Lundy, LLC: Salem, NJ	

	Lead Fire Barrier Engineer: March 2001 -November 2002
Supported Engineering Department and interface with management at the PSEG Salem &amp; Hope Creek Generating Station to perform walk down inspections on existing fire barrier systems. Prepared design change packages to install Appendix R 60-Minute Fire Envelope System, 3M Interam E-50 series to upgrade existing fire barrier systems for one-hour qualification.  Prepared estimates for various tasks involved with the fire barrier wrap system upgrade project such as installation and removal of fire wrap materials, scaffolding, material take off and man power support.







Site Blauvelt Engineers Corporation / Hunt Engineering Inc: Claymont, DE

Field Engineer: April 2000 - March 2001
Support I-95 Rehab Construction Project in all phases of roadway and bridge reconstruction. Reviewed and approved field inspection quantity reports to be evaluated and processed against budget cost estimates.  Certified by the state of Delaware to monitor and record daily compaction testing of base course, soils and hot mix.

Duke Engineering &amp; Services: Peach Bottom, PA / Berwick, PA

Task Manager Fire Barrier Engineer: November 1998 - March 2000 &amp; August 1998 - November 1998
Supported Engineering Department at the Peach Bottom and Susquehanna Power Stations to performed walk down inspections and prepared design packages to qualify existing fire barrier systems for one and three hour qualification.  Coordinated contractors to install Thermo-Lag 330-1, 770-1, Versa Wrap, and Darmatt fire barrier materials in accordance with design change packages and plant procedures.

M&amp;M Technical Service, Inc: Salem, NJ
Brand Fire Protection Services, Inc: Clinton, IL

Lead Fire Barrier Engineer: December 1986 - December 1988
Scheduled, planned, and coordinated, walk down activities in cooperation with Station Operations and Health Physics Departments for the PSEG Salem Generating Station.  Performed as-built and verify penetration seal installation details in accordance with design criteria. These Seals include air, steam hydrostatic/flood, and radiation and fire penetration per BTP 9.5-1 criteria.

Onsite Engineering: Salem, NJ 
&#183;    AC&amp;S Corporation: Salem, NJ

Project Manager Contracts: June 1996 - April 1998
Interfaced with multi level discipline groups involved with maintenance and outage contracts to support the removal and installation of insulation materials at the PSEG Salem/Hope Creek Generating Stations. These tasks included NDE / Erosion Corrosion Examinations, Penetration Seals, winterization of tubing trays, HVAC fire damper replacement and piping systems.  Received Engineering Design Packages from PSE&amp;G to walk down information used to prepare cost estimates and bid proposals. 

&#183;     Williams Power Corporation: Salem, NJ	

Field Engineer, Coordinator: September 1992 - December 1995
Support 3-year corrective maintenance and outage support team at the Salem &amp; Hope Creek Generating Stations.  Received Engineering Design Change Packages from PSE&amp;G to evaluate and create estimates for bid proposals.  Interfaced with management to support NDE / Erosion Corrosion Examination, Insulation, and Coating operations.  Provided technical direction to craft involved in the installation of 1200 flood seals and inject 3M 5600 grout to stop major in-house leakage.  Trained and qualified for the installation of Appendix R 60 Minute Fire Envelope System 3M Interam E-50 series, Performed as-built verification of 3M wrap installation in compliance with Appendix R criteria.  Coordinated work schedules in cooperation with Station Operations and Health Physics Departments



&#183;    CYGNA Energy Services: Salem, NJ
&#183;    Advanced Technology Inc: Salem, NJ

Senior Field Technician Level 2: March 1987 - August 1992
Supported data collection of components and folios located at the PSEG Hope Creek Generating Station.  Walk down and retrieval of field data for electrical, mechanical, and piping components per ANSI N45.2.6.

Bechtel Construction, Inc: Salem, NJ

Field Engineer: April 1980 - November 1986
Responsibilities included design installation of hanger supports and small bore piping systems at the PSEG Hope Creek Generating Station.  Incorporate Process Change Authorization tags, Field Change Notices, Composite Change Notices and Fabrication Shop Releases.  Interfaced with project management/supervisors to monitor and estimate man-hours for multilevel craft involved with all phases of construction.   Assisted other disciplines with specialty projects such as budgets forecasts and material expediting to support schedule milestones
United Engineers - PSEG Salem Generating Station: Salem, NJ

Quality Control Level II Records Engineer: February 1980 - July 1980
Maintained CARMS indexing of "B" weld histories and vendor documentation.  Prepared radiographs for shipment to permanent storage located at the Salem Generating Station.

EDUCATION:	Trinity College and University, Metarie, LA
	BS Applied Science and Technology (Maintenance) - July 2002
	Delaware Technical &amp; Community College, Wilmington, DE
	A.A.S. Mechanical Engineering - June 1993

CERTIFICATES: 	Project Management Professional Certificate, Villanova College
	Chartered Institute of Professional Management, Trinity College
	Etrac-Solutions Primavera Project Planner Certificate
Bechtel Construction Foremanship, Machinery Installation, Blue Print Drawing Courses and Formwork Technology


















  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    database
  
  
    direction
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Drawing
  
  
    HVAC
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    Machinery
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Physics
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Primavera Project Planner
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    safety
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Timberline
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    welding
  


