
                                                  PAVITRA PATTABHIRAMAN
700 Health sciences drive                                                                         408-464-4544
Chapin apartments A 1003 Ax                                                              pam_raman@yahoo.co.in
Stony brook NY- 11790
                                                   OBJECTIVE
                                   To secure an internship in the research and development field.

EDUCATION
M.S in Material Sciences and Engineering                                                        (Expected: Dec 2012)
Stony Brook University (Fall 2011)
Courses: Thermodynamics of materials, Strength of materials, impact of materials on environment, sensor technology,
         Diffusion in solids*, polymer engineering*, electron microscopy*, tissue engineering* (*-in progress)
Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical engineering                                                         (May'11)
University of Mumbai, Mumbai India

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Self employed as a tutor (2007-2011)
     Tutoring high school students in mathematics, physics and chemistry.
     Trained students for competitive exams and quizzes conducted by Institute for promotion of mathematics.
     Trained students for National talent search examination.
Faculty student association's Union Commons Diner at Stony brook university                  (Oct 2011- Dec 2011)
Student assistant



COURSE PROJECTS:
Undergraduate studies:
  Undertook final year project on "manufacture of polyurethane" in BASF India ltd. Trained as a process engineer for a period
     of one year. This project included the Study of the entire process optimization of the process and further modifications applied
     to improve the existing properties of the polymer. Extensive research on the uses and application of polyurethane in various
     fields and also the various methods of production adopted for the manufacture of this polymer was also carried out as a part of
     this project.
 Graduate studies:
  sensor technology: Carried out a project on multiplexed nanowire sensor arrays. Studied the structural aspects of nanowire
     sensors in the form of arrays and suggested modifications in the design. Studied the usage of sensor arrays in cancer detection.
  impact of materials on environment: carried out a study on impact of plastic and paper containers on the environment and
     suggested modifications in the manufacturing techniques of the two to reduce energy and raw material consumption.
  tissue engineering: reducing bio degradation of polymeric materials used in biomedical applications (status-on going)

SKILLS:
Computer skills
    Simulation softwares like ANSYS, DESIGN II
    Autocad
    Solid works
    Microsoft office suite
    Photoshop

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:
   Actively participated in cultural and sporting events in middle school, high school and college.
   Participated in Tech-fest events organized during the undergraduate years.
   Volunteered in the events organized by STUDENTS ORGANISATION OF CHEMICAL ENGINEERS in Datta Meghe
     College of Engineering (Mumbai University).
   Member of IICHE student chapter in the college (Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers)



  
    Photoshop
  
  
    ANSYS
  
  
    Autocad
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mathematics
  
  
    Microsoft office suite
  
  
    physics
  
  
    progress
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    Simulation
  
  
    Solid works
  
  
    Tutoring
  


