
Kenneth H Cagle III

30573 Lake Pointe Drive
Menifee, CA 92584
Phone: 951-473-3786
Alt Phone: 951-301-1906
chipc333@hotmail.com

      Objective 
Extremely personable, quick learner with excellent math/computer skills and great work ethics seeking employment opportunity within a growing and professional setting. Desktop Publishing Specialist/Electronic Prepress Operator by trade, with 19 years experience available to competitive organization that has a need for a dedicated and professional prepress journeyman with extensive design, layout, production, and printing knowledge to enhance and amplify new ideas and creative projects.
      Ability Summary 
Check preliminary and final proofs for errors and make necessary corrections. Operate desktop publishing software and equipment to design, layout, and produce print-ready material. Position text and art elements from a variety of databases in a visually appealing way to design print or web pages, using knowledge of type styles and size and layout patterns. Convert various types of files for printing or for the Internet, using computer software. Transmit, deliver or mail publication master to printer for production into film and plates. Study layout or other design instructions to determine work to be done and sequence of operations. Enter digitized data into electronic prepress system computer memory, using scanner, camera, keyboard, or mouse. View monitors for visual representation of work in progress and for instructions and feedback throughout process, making modifications as necessary. Import text and art elements such as electronic clip-art or electronic files from photographs that have been scanned or produced with a digital camera, using computer software. Collaborate with graphic artists, editors and writers to produce print ready material.
      Employment History 
Electronic Prepress Operator
  02/2001 - 01/2011
  Golden State Graphics, LLC
  San Marcos, CA
Proficiently perform all prepress operations including preflight, page layout, color correction, masking/airbrushing, Configure variable data and direct mailing set-ups. PDF creation and manipulation. Interact with, problem solve, and correct client files for print. Operate high-end digital press, drum scanner and all proofing systems, as well as perform preventive maintenance on all equipment.
Electronic Prepress Operator
  04/1997 - 02/2001
  Padre Printers Inc.
  Poway, CA

Proficiently perform all prepress operations including preflight, page layout, color correction, masking/airbrushing, PDF creation and manipulation. Interact with, problem solve, and correct client files for print. Operate high-end digital drum scanner and all proofing systems, as well as perform preventive maintenance on all equipment.

Electronic Prepress Operator/Drum Scanner
  04/1994 - 04/1997
  Reprints, Inc.
  San Marcos, CA
Prepress operations including preflight, color correction, masking/airbrushing. Interact with, problem solve, and correct client files for print. Operate high-end drum scanner and all proofing systems, as well as perform preventive maintenance on all equipment.
Drum Scanner/Proofer/Driver
  04/1991 - 04/1994
  Digital Color, Inc.
  San Diego, CA

High-end drum scanning, Fuji and Kodak color proofing for client approval, delivery driver, as well as perform preventive maintenance on all equipment.

Operation Specialist
   05/1987 - 05/1991
  United States Navy
  San Diego, CA
Operate and monitor communications, detection, and weapons systems essential for controlling air, ground, and naval operations. Duties include maintaining and relaying critical communications between air, naval, and ground forces, relaying command center information, monitoring surveillance and detection systems, such as air defense, interpreting and evaluating tactical situations and making recommendations to superiors and operating weapons targeting, firing, and launch computer systems.
      Skills
Adobe CS Suite-Indesign, Photoshop, Illustrator-QuarkXpress-Pagemaker- Freehand-Acrobat-Pitstop-Preps-Nexus, Agfa Apogee, and Creo rip/trap applications-Internet and Email-high end digital press operations-all CTP and color proofing formats. Guarding services, patrols and inspections, access control, concierge and receptionist services, security console operations, alarm response
      Education and Training
Issuing Institution - United States Navy 
  Course of Study - Operation Specialist A School
Issuing Institution - Palomar Junior College
  Course of Study - Quark Xpress, Illustrator
General High School Diploma - Robert E. Lee High School
      
      Honors &amp; Activities
Sea Service Deployment Ribbon (2), Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, National Defense Service Medal
      Additional Information
Punctual, articulate, complex problem solving, time management, organize, plan, prioritize, active listening, critical thinking, monitoring, judgment and decision making, client-focused and self-motivating







  
    Adobe
  
  
    Acrobat
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Pagemaker
  
  
    color
  
  
    client
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Email
  
  
    firing
  
  
    Freehand
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    Indesign
  
  
    access
  
  
    weapons
  
  
    Navy
    naval
  
  
    page layout
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    Prepress
    prepress
  
  
    press
  
  
    proofing
  
  
    QuarkXpress
  
  
    receptionist
  
  
    rip
  
  
    scanner
    scanning
  


