
DON HERPIN
R&#233;sum&#233;
1-407-433-3993
d_herpin@yahoo.com

Military 
United States Navy
Communications and Intelligence 
NATO Attachments
Honorably Discharged

Education
UC San Diego-Business Management
Loyola University-Business Administration
 
 
Objective 
Career path objectives include working with a company that has the ability to utilize over 25+ years of knowledge in diverse technologies and high level relationships.  Searching for a professional, growth oriented company specializing in advanced technologies that appreciates and excels in a diversified technology marketplace. 

I have experience in many positions in my field which gives me a global understanding of communications systems and low voltage solutions in the Utilities, Transportation and Public Safety Sectors. My talents lean to executive and mid level management with overall business management and business development with an emphasis on sales, marketing and engineering of  I.T. communications networks, IP security, CCTV, access control, video management systems, video analytics, wired, optical and wireless networks, including microwave, LTE, MPLS, CDMA,3g, 4GLTE, Mesh, PSIM, intelligent transportation management systems, fiber optic networks, MtoM and various storage and SAAS applications.
 
Work 
Experience

LENSEC L.L.C. 
2009-2011
National Business Development Manager 
 
Responsibilities included business development and management for an international Security Management Software and Integration Company. The Company offered a PSIM/VMS software solution and full service turnkey Security and Communications Integration of IP Security applications including Video, Access Control and IP communications solutions via wired and wireless networks. Sole responsibilities as business development manger consisted of, sales coordination, marketing, and assist in project capture, management and commissioning. 
 
E-SYNERGY Inc. 2001-2009
Consulting, Business Development Company/CEO
 
Responsibilities included national and international development of new business for manufacturers, end users and integrators. Channel Markets manufacturer's strategic alliances, contractor/ sub-contractor partnering, and business development programs. Helped build and managed the growth of large sales teams. Formulated and implemented the overall company strategic targets and vertical markets as it applied to business growth through various best practices scenarios. My responsibilities included the coordinating and overseeing of business development in transportation, utilities, public safety, federal government and DOD vertical markets. 

A sampling of clients that E-SYNERGY has performed work for include.
Lockheed Martin, Johnson Controls, Parson's Transportation, Cellstack ,The City of  New Orleans, Delaware River Security Committee, Delaware River Maritime Committee, City of Orlando, City of Key West, AFCO Constructors Inc., Florida Department of Transportation, Bearing Point, City of Austin Texas, City of Anaheim California, Axis Communications, Mastec International, Marconi, Cisco, City Net, Smart City, SAIC, NICE and Communications Supply Corporation.

International clients included Rolls Royce UK, Kinsey Development UAE and Morocco, City of London Ring of Steel Project, Dubai Aerospace Port and Smart City Project. 
 
 
Integrated Technologies Group 1991-2001
President-Co-owner
Built and developed ITG into a national and international integration company that specialized in the communications and physical security electronics space. ITG grew to be a 40 Million dollar a year company.

Total Control LLC 1989-1991
General Manager 
Managed and expanded Total Control into the Systems Integration market developing mid to large scale integration of stove pipe technologies into one control platform for larger national systems integrators.

Honeywell 1986-1989
Program Manager/District Manager
Worked with Honeywell from an Operations manger up to a District Manager in the Physical Electronics Division and Building Controls Division
 
 



  
    business development
  
  
    business development and management
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Electronics
    electronics
  
  
    government
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Lockheed Martin
  
  
    Marconi
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    Access
  
  
    NICE
  
  
    networks
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    strategic alliances
  
  
    Systems Integration
  
  
    Transportation
    transportation
  
  
    unique
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    Video
  
  
    VMS
  


