
1CONTACTS

Name:		JingTang Su
Address:	5/163 Queen Victoria St
Bexley NSW 2207
Australia

Mobile:	61- 433 203 054 
Email:		mangosue@hotmail.com


SUMMARY

*	Over 3 and half years of experience in Data Processing and Customer Service, clear and
calm telephone manner.  Experienced in complaint handling.
*	Strong data analytical and reporting skills with donor database software such as
Internet Management Information System (iMIS).
*	Proven track record of working in a team environment towards achieving target goal set
by team leader 
*	Attention to detail evidenced by accurate data entry, have excellent touch typing
skills with accurate and capable with figures
*	Strong skill in MS Office, database software and Information Technology (IT)
application
*	Strong organizational skills, ability to handle and prioritize multiple tasks
*	Knowledge of the Privacy Act, ethos and philosophy of the Catholic Church

EXPERIENCE

Caritas Australia

Caritas Australia is the Catholic Agency for International Aid and Development, working
in Africa, Asia, Latin America, and Pacific and Indigenous Australia. Caritas Australia is
part of Caritas Internationalis, an International network supporting emergency aid and
grassroots development programs in 165 countries around the world.

*	Acted Donor Services Coordinator
Caritas Australia 
December 2010 - January 2012
o	Responsibilities/ Major Accountabilities:  	
The Donor Services Coordinator (DSC) will supervise donor services staffs and coordinate
remote users of the database.
The DSC is the key operator of Caritas Australia's in house Donor Database (IMIS).  The
DSC is responsible for ensuring that the Donor Database is up to date and accurate. 
Working closely with the Special Project Administrator, the DSC is responsible for
periodic training of internal and external users of the Donor Database.

In this role the DSC has consistent contact with the donor public from when the donation
is made through to receipting.  The DSC is responsible for handling enquiries and
complaints from the donating public and other key stakeholders (in consultation with the
Business Manager if required), as well as organising the receipt, processing and overall
management of donations. 

*	Donor Services Officer
Caritas Australia 
September 2008 - December 2010
o	Responsibilities/ Major Accountabilities:  	
This role is responsible for establishing and maintaining good relationships with donors
through individualized personal service and providing information on our campaign and
appeal activities. By answering telephone and written queries from donors and supporters
the role is to provide up to date information and identify areas of opportunity to grow
donation numbers. Quality service will also be provided through efficient processing of
donations and maintenance of personal and financial records and the administrative tasks
involved.
The role will also contribute to the ongoing development of the organization's management
system for enhancing supporter care.
The primary objective is to work within the donor services team assisting in all aspects
of donor services and donation processing.   This role has regular interaction with the
donor public and involves high volume data processing.


Documentation Delimiter and Coder
&lt;e.law&gt; Administrative Services Pty Ltd 
April 2007 - September 2008

&lt;e.law&gt; provides total solutions for document management, litigation support and
courtroom technology. It also provides specialized information technology advice and
services to the legal profession, courts, Inquiries, major corporate and government
agencies. (http://www.elaw.net.au ).

*	Responsibilities:  	

Document delimiting and coding task has to be undertaken with exceptional eyes on
details, logical intelligence and accuracy. The key tasks included are, 
o	Assisting and taking instructions from the Team Leader/Project Manager
o	Photocopying, collating and indexing
o	Sorting, preparing and managing folders and files
o	Accurate data entry

*	Key Achievements: 
o	Developed an ability to focus on details and maintain high level of accuracy
o	Learnt to work in a team environment towards target set by Team Leader
o	Maintained high level of KPI and promoted to QA team from delimiting team

Word Processing Operator (WPO)
New South Wales Electoral Commission
March, 2007 (2 weeks contract)
*	Responsibilities/ Major Accountabilities:  	
Electoral Commission's ballots were to be entered into Record Keeping System. It required
precision work in counting ballots which came in Bulk-lot of one hundred. Every piece of
information was critical so high levels of attention on details were to be maintained to
make sure that they are recorded in the system.

*	Key Achievements: 
o	Learnt to focus on details and work under pressure with accuracy
o	Worked in Team to meet target set by Team Leader
o	Maintained high level of  Key Performance Indicator (KPI) 
Career relative training

Course Name/Details Date  
Post Graduate Certificate in Human Services Feb-09 
Child Protection Aug-09 
Workplace Bullying Awareness Workshop  5-Aug-09 
Customer Service Skills training Jul-09 
Introduction to Catholic Social Teaching Jun-09 
Excellence in customer service Sep-09 
Gender Training 2009 
EDUCATION

2009		Australia Catholic University
		Certificate of Post Graduate in Human Services
 
2007		The University of Newcastle, Newcastle
Bachelor of Information Technology (BIT)
Major: Information Technology Application

2004		University of Technology Sydney, Insearch, Sydney
Diploma of Information Technology (DIT)		



  
    .net
  
  
    Administrative
    administrative
  
  
    consultation
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    data processing
  
  
    Database
    database
  
  
    document management
  
  
    Documentation
  
  
    DSC
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    government
  
  
    http
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    information technology
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    Team Leader
  
  
    law
    legal
  
  
    litigation support
  
  
    managing
  
  
    network
  
  
    coding
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Record Keeping
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Word Processing
  
  
    written
  


