
KEVIN DOWLING
47 ALBANY POST ROAD    NEWBURGH, NY 12550
Phone: 914-475-2300    Kevin.Dowling@verizon.net

PC TECHNICIAN / SPECIALIST

Experienced with desktop support, computer hardware and software installation and maintenance.  Assists clients with technical questions and sales.  Maintains customer satisfaction and have increased client base and referrals.  The "go-to" person when experiencing hardware or software problems.  Personable, hard working, and dedicated.  Ability to perform a broad range of functions.  A skilled multi-tasker with excellent interpersonal skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft Office Products:  Word - Excel - PowerPoint - Outlook
Hardware:  Install and replace components, update software, build computers, and diagnose issues with components
Operating Systems:  Install and update current Windows OS in older and newer computers
Platforms:  Microsoft OS, Android OS, Blackberry OS
Networking:  Set-up wired and wireless LAN for both home and business settings
Quality Assurance:  Time spent ensuring equipment being used is up-to-date and working properly with current software utilized by company
TESTIMONIAL 
"It is with great pleasure I recommend Kevin Dowling. I have known him for 10 years as a very competent sales associate who also worked in our loss prevention office. Kevin is a congenial and energetic person with excellent administrative skills. Intelligent and enthusiastic, he possesses highly developed organizational skills and superior computer, billing, customer relations and follow-up abilities. He is precise with details and prioritizing work. I have found him to be an astute problem solver who consistently demonstrates patience and a positive, "can do," attitude.  Kevin is a dependable team player, who exercises good judgment and a mature outlook, always using a logical and practical approach to his endeavors. I believe Kevin would be an asset to any organization."-- Margaret Cook, Human Resources Manager, Sears Holdings, 10/11
WORK HISTORY

Verizon Wireless, Middletown, NY                                                                                            8/05-3/09 
(Provide customer service and sales support to clients with Verizon Wireless products and services)
SALES AND CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE: 
Met and exceeded monthly quotas as assigned by Verizon Wireless
Provided excellent service to all clients while working out of one location and visiting parent and satellite locations at manager's request
Provided daily support to clients via telephone for sales, technical issues, and customer service   
Maintained daily and monthly inventory counts as required by company and supervised 5+ employees while in satellite locations

Continued. 

Kevin Dowling - Page 2

Verizon Wireless, continued:

ACHIEVEMENTS:  Met and exceeded goals as provided by managers and company.  One of the company's top 10 sales representatives in the Northeast for two consecutive years.  Top sales representative in the Northeast area six times in a two-year period.  90% customer satisfaction rate and rate of return and referral with all my customers.

Sears Holdings, Newburgh, NY                                                                                                3/01-8/05 
LOSS PREVENTION ASSOCIATE / SUPERVISOR: 
Supervised and trained a staff of eight associates within store 
Monitored associates and patrons at location via closed circuit television to prevent theft and provide personal security
Assisted department manager with scheduling of department staff, monthly high value item  inventory, upkeep and installation of closed circuit television system and conference call set-up
Resolved customer issues with support staff when needed 
Opened and closed location weekly
Safety Manager for store location for three years.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Orange County Community College, Middletown, NY
Liberal arts degree awarded in 2009

- A+ PC Service Technician Training, OCCC, Middletown, NY
- NYS Security Guard License: 16 hour on-the-job training
- NYS Licensed Security Guard, issued 3/2001, License #10008721706
- NYS Security Guard License in-service training, every two years

VOLUNTEER SERVICE
Assistant Scout Master, Boy Scouts of America, Troop 327, 3/01-present
(Awarded Eagle Scout, 6/01)
Assistant Coach, Newburgh Rowing Club, 9/01-6/04

****











6







2




  
    Automotive
  
  
    build computers
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    CUSTOMER SERVICE
    customer service
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Products
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows OS
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Operating Systems
    OS
  
  
    printers
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    SALES
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    sales support
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    television
  
  
    Troubleshoot
  


