
RAY NIEVES
875 West 181 Street - Apt 4K - New York, NY 10033 - (646) 248-9247 - rnieves1000@gmail.com

SUMMARY:

Seasoned client support specialist and creative self-starter with outstanding technical and communication skills.

SKILLS:

Superb interpersonal skills - able to diffuse difficult customer situations with tact and ease, resolve complex problems and build productive relationships with peers and clients.
Outstanding written and spoken communication skills.
Strong Windows and Macintosh hardware and software technical skills.
Bilingual: Fluent in English and Spanish. 

EXPERIENCE:

SNX - March 1996 - June 2011
Technical Support Specialist / Help Desk

Managed and resolved complex customer issues for SNX bar code software products via phone and email for Fortune 500 clients, including Barnes &amp; Noble, NASA, American Express, Walt Disney, Sega and more. 
Responsible for retention of sales, with a proven track record of performance.
Created technical support and tutorial documentation for all SNX software products.
Partnered with senior-level personnel to troubleshoot issues and provide creative business solutions.
Collaborated with Product and Engineering departments to ensure release readiness and customer based product development.
Provided tier 1 Windows XP and Macintosh OS X help desk support. Installed and maintained desktops, network printers, Polycom video conference, A/V equipment, Telcom using Avaya phone system. Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office, and Adobe Creative Suite.

OXFORD HEALTH PLANS - April 1993 - March 1996
Education and Outreach Associate

Provided case management, health plan education and problem resolution for members transitioning from Medicaid to managed care.
Awarded "Best Communicator" in Education and Outreach.
Provided pre-natal and asthma case management for new and existing members.
Assisted in training of education and outreach new hires.



Education: 
University of the State of New York - G.E.D
CompTIA A+ Certification 
Notary Public, State of New York
Volunteer: New York Cares, since 2002: Computer Tutor, Citizenship Tutor.






 

 





  
    A+ Certification
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    billing
  
  
    business solutions
  
  
    cable
  
  
    communication skills
    interpersonal skills
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    desktops
  
  
    product development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    email
  
  
    Fluent in English
  
  
    features
  
  
    help desk support
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Macintosh
  
  
    Macintosh OS
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Communicator
  
  
    network printers
  
  
    Notary Public
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    phone system
  
  
    problem solving
    problem resolution
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Express
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    phone
  
  
    television
  
  
    troubleshoot
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    video
  
  
    written
  


