
ARTHUR J. RUDNICKI, CPA 3699 ALDER DR HOFFMAN ESTATES IL 60192 (847) 496-7722 BLACKHAWKS1961@COMCAST.NET
	
' I am a CPA professional with a Masters in Accounting and over 10+ years of transactional, managerial, and financial accounting experience. Responsibilities were not limited to bank reconciliation, journal entries, month end close, reporting, Sox, and external auditing requests. Software use not limited to SAP, PeopleSoft, Excel, Word, Windows, Access, and Power Point. I have experience in the following industries: financial services of a manufacturing, educational, insurance, banking, and computer leasing."  Salary is negotiable.
		
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE    
 OptionXpress, Aon Hewitt, Lincolnshire, Il                                                                                                           9/11 to 10/11
Accounting Consultant
Implementation project of SAP 8.8 to SAP 9.0
Updating contracts and amendment contracts				
Testing contracts and amendment contracts in support environment

Unemployed due to a personal matter                                                                                        05/09 to 8/11

Navistar Financial Corporation, Schaumburg, IL					                           		 8/06 to 4/09
Sr. Accountant 
Closing duties for one company. 5 day closing period
Over 400 reconciliations per month with a two-week period.
Derivative entry each month.
Set up new deals for securitization deals. Terminating old deals from the GL. (Once a quarter for each new and old) 
Accounted for a series of 8 securitization deals. 
Assisted in the annual budget and forecasting for SPE company
Assisted in restatement entries for years 2002-2008. (Restatement period)
Answered questions regarding Sox compliance for SPE Company and external auditors.
Process Improvement of cash posting (automated) from older deals to newer deals due to a change in accounting. This process improvement cut time off the close since it was automated instead of manual change in the GL posting.    

Career Education Corporation, Hoffman Estates, IL   School Accountant      11/04 to 8/06          				
Closing Responsibilities for Two Schools in Gibbs Division.
4 day closing responsibilities including journal entry and accrual preparation.
AR recording. Bad Debt recording
Revenue Posting. GL Posting
Expense Analysis during close.
Balance Sheet Reconciliation of two schools, which included a process improvement of more detailed backup to support the balances. Cash reconciliation for both schools
Assisted with auditors both internal and external (SOX and external audit) with the process improvement in support of balance sheet reconciliation. This cut the time the auditors spend on the audit and follow up. 

Allstate Insurance Corporation, Northbrook, IL				                                 	     10/00 to 11/04
Senior Accountant/Consolidated &amp; Close Accounting
Prepared monthly Income Statements and Balance Sheets for Allstate Bank and Northbrook Technology of Northern Ireland. 
Prepared consolidated segment financial statements for Corporate &amp; Other. 
Prepared Corporate Expense Analysis including Allcorp, NTNI, NBS and various others which included new report to compare current period to prior period balances and described the variances. 
Assisted in annual planning process for the Allstate Bank budget and Allcorp.
Prepared Business Unit Forecast for Allcorp.
Reconciled the CTA account for Allstate Corporation annual audit.
Special Projects and account reconciliation and cash flow statement issues.
Reconciled and assisted in preparing various entries in during the closes process.
Allstate Bank, Allstate Insurance Corporation, and NTNI audit assistance 
 External Reporting (Coordinated and designed the process and data flow for the following external reporting reports
Prepared quarterly Financial Thrift Report for Allstate Bank for the Office of Thrift Supervision.
Prepared and reviewed monthly Cost of Funds Report for Allstate Bank for the Office of Thrift Supervision.
Prepared quarterly Holding Company Report for Allstate Bank for the Office of Thrift Supervision in relation to Allstate Corporation's SEC 10-K and 10-Q filings. 
Prepared CMR quarterly for Allstate Bank for the Office of Thrift Supervisor.
Prepared BE financial statement reports regarding International Insurance Subsidiaries for Allstate quarterly, annually for the U S Department of Commerce.
Prepared and implemented certain information for various schedules for the segment as it relates to external reporting which is done by Corporate Accounting who prepares the 10K, 10Q, Annual Report Proxy Statement for the SEC and prepares the Earning Release and Investor Supplement Package for Investors.
Process improvement of coordinating the various schedules to support the preparation of the TRF report

MERIDIAN LEASING CORPORATION, Deerfield, IL								8/88 - 9/00	
Senior Accountant / Financial Accounting Department
Classified new equipment, renewals, secondary purchase and sub leases per FASB 13.
Helped in process improvement of automating (excel) the classifying of leases per FASB 13.
Posted items G/L accounts including balance sheet, income statement and control.
Posted cash and credit items to G/L including control and receivable accounts.
Reconciled and recorded OPL trial balance including net book value report.
Reconciled and recorded DFL income on an effective interest method including MLP, unearns and residual values including net book value report.
Reconciled terminated inventory and record depreciation expense and analysis values per broker.
Responsible for analyzing and reconciling furniture and fixture, computer equipment (EDP), household improvements, and vehicles accounts with step down on new leasehold figures.
Assisted auditors in year -end audit.
	 
Staff Accountant / Financial Accounting Department									
Classified new and renewal leases per FASB 13, record and input cost into system. 
Amortized deferred debt cost on a sum of the year's digit basis, record fixed asset schedule on straight-line basis. 
Recorded fixed asset schedule on straight-line basis by recording expense and accumulated depreciation.
Variable OPL and deferred upfront payment schedules per GAAP to streamline revenue.
Lease Analyst / Financial Accounting Department										
Classified new equipment leases per FASB 13.
Reconciled and record OPL depreciation expense for smaller company.
Maintained Liability schedule for some accounts. 
Recorded Brokerage Sales Transaction                          

COMPUTER SKILLS:	
SAP database, People Soft ,Great Plaines Meridian Proprietary Leasing, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Windows, Outlook,   

 EDUCATION
Dominican University
Graduate School of Business, Master of Science Degree in Accounting.
	
Illinois State University
Undergraduate School of Business, Bachelors of Science Degree, Finance major w/Business Administration minor.

Certified Public Accountant
Issued by the Board of Examiners
State of Illinois License


Account reconciliation's								

 Cash management
Account Receivable
Budget and forecast



  
    account reconciliation
  
  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    accrual
  
  
    streamline
  
  
    AR
  
  
    backup
  
  
    balance sheet
    trial balance
    Balance Sheet
  
  
    Balance Sheets
  
  
    book
  
  
    budget
  
  
    cash flow statement
  
  
    Closing
    closing
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Certified Public Accountant
  
  
    credit
  
  
    database
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Funds
  
  
    Futures
  
  
    GL
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Meridian
  
  
    Excel
    excel
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Word
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    Peoplesoft
    People Soft
  
  
    Process Improvement
    Process improvement
    process improvement
  
  
    Proxy
  
  
    reconciling
  
  
    recording
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    SAP 8.8
    SAP 9.0
    SAP
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    Supervisor
    Supervision
  
  
    year -end
  


