
Laurie Clemens
193 Seeber Road * Hastings, NY 13076 * (315) 529-0317 * lcclemens@verizon.net

  
Summary of QUALIFICATIONS

Over 19 years in the Security field  
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
In depth knowledge of Security Administration
Able to work independently and on a team
Strong interpersonal skills
Communicate effectively with all levels of personnel
Routinely take initiative to recommend and make changes to improve processes
Expertise in security analysis and design
Adept at working under pressure and able to effectively multitask
Experience in scheduling, operations and helpdesk areas
Professional experience
Security Analyst III - Security Administration Team					May 1993 - July 2009   

Provided 3rd level support for RACF. 
      Performed testing and support for upgrades and new software implementations.     	       
             Reviewed monthly DSMON reports.  
             Implemented BMC Control product security. SCLM product security among others. 
             Environments (CICS, IMS, MQSeries, TSO, OPERCMDS, ROSCOE, OMVS, Control products, SCLM, 
                   DB2, Websphere, USS.) 
             Implemented SETROPTS changes.               
             Worked with Vanguard vendors on Top Secret to RACF conversion, merging 5 RACF databases and   
                 converting grouping classes &amp; Unix System Services
             Performed cleanup for User Ids  (Batch, FTP, STC, etc), groups, datasets and general resources.  
             Consolidated groups and dataset profiles where applicable.  
             Removed duplicate access in dataset, group and general resource profiles. 
             Reviewed &amp; investigated change and violation daily logs.  
Provided 3rd level support for Vanguard. 
      Performed testing and support for upgrades.
      Created batch jobs for reporting and auditing. 
Trained and Mentored Security Administrators for multiple platforms including RACF &amp; Vanguard.
Assisted in Internal &amp; External Audits, created reports, investigated and made changes
Created clists to create RACF User Ids among other items to improve Security and Helpdesk productivity and 
   provide repeatable processes to maintain consistency.
Created clists to improve and streamline Role Based access
Routinely suggested and implemented process improvements to automate and remove manual processes
Processed Inactivity and streamlined processes and procedures
Provided Security training for decentralized Department and Division Security Administrators 
Provided Disaster Recovery support Provided 3rd level support for Lawson, created Security Classes
Provided 3rd level support for Directory Smart, created web services, roles
Provided 3rd level support for LDAP, created roles                                
         
     Job Scheduler							 	              July 1990 - September 1993 	 
            
Planned and organized all scheduling to meet established service objectives
Coordinated production schedules and adhoc scheduling requests
Worked with systems staff personnel regarding job setup, date and system requirements
Worked with Lead Computer Operators, Operations Support Analysts and Customers, regarding scheduling    
   demands, job completion, run issues and related matters
Provided backup for Helpdesk personnel
Provided backup for Data Control Coordinator
Trained backup Scheduler
Routinely recommended and implemented process improvements to improve quality of service to customers

     Computer Operator						 	                           October 1987 - July 1990    

Monitored, analyzed and responded to equipment failures and system malfunctions
Monitored batch cycles, loaded tape drives, printed and delivered reports
Worked with staff personnel regarding job issues
Lead Operator 

United States Marine Corps  

Security Analyst    								              March 1986 - August 1987     
   
Dealt with the software and physical security of the regional automated services center  
Established access according to the Marine Corps Security support plan
Ensured compliance with security directives
Provided training for Security officers on maintaining user Ids.
  
Computer Operator 								              January 1984 - March 1986

Monitored, analyzed and responded to equipment failures and system malfunctions, including small subsystems and 
   mini computers, such as standalone microfiche processors and copiers, mass diskette downloading and transmitting  
   systems
Monitored batch cycles, loaded tape drives, printed and delivered reports




Technical skills

  Mainframe - RACF, Vanguard, Top Secret,  TSO, BMC Control products, CICS, DB2 ,DSMON,, ISPF, JCL, MQSeries,    
  OMVS,  PDSMAN, RACF, SDSF, Teleview, clist
  PC - Excel, Powerpoint, Word  
  Other - ActiveDirectory, Directory Smart, DocuShare, FTP, Intrust, Lawson, LDAP, Lotus Notes, RSA SecurID, SurfControl,    
 Tumbleweed

Certification

CISA - Dec 2011 - Pending Paperwork

recognition

Annual Top Performer 2008
United States Marine Corps - Meritorious Mast Award for Security Work 1987
Good Conduct Medal 1986





  
    streamline
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    automate
  
  
    backup
  
  
    CICS
  
  
    CISA
  
  
    clist
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    databases
  
  
    Dec
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    Websphere
  
  
    Ids
  
  
    IMS
  
  
    ISPF
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    Lawson
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    MQSeries
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    copiers
  
  
    processes
  
  
    processors
  
  
    quality
  
  
    RACF
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    ROSCOE
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    tape drives
  
  
    TSO
  
  
    Unix System
  
  
    upgrades
  


