
Mark McCraney 
2530 Peachwood Circle
Atlanta GA, 30345 
562-360-4331
markymjm@aol.com 

Objective:   Seeking growth and opportunity for qualified positions


EXPERIENCE

EMERITUS Senior Living, Decatur GA 30030
Resident Care Giver May 26, 2011 to August 27, 2011
Cared for Alzheimer's and stage 3 dementia residents.
Assisted in dressing the residents in the mornings. 
Assisted residents undressing and prepared them for bed time for sleep.
Assisted residents with incontinence and toileting.  Changed incontinence pads for
residents when needed.
Assisted residents in dining and diet control.  Helped in keeping track of residents that
required, finger foods, pureed food and for those who needed adaptive equipment for feeding.
Assisted residents in daily hygiene and bathing.
As a care giver I was responsible for preparing the dining tables.  And after assisting
with the dining, cleaned the dining area and washed the dishes.  I also was responsible
for keeping the residents clothes cleaned and organized.
In the stage 3 dementia floor of the facility, many could not walk.  As a care giver, I was
responsible, for ambulation to and from the bed.  And movement from chair to chair.
Assisted residents in the daily administer of medications.
	
	
KELLY SERVICES, GA 30361
Temporary Work Positions November 2010 to Present
Assisted in Americas Mart seasonal vender sales.
Worked on the delivery docks, loading and unloading vender company merchandise.
Assisted in post sales loading of purchased merchandise for customers.
Assisted vendors in post sale show room disassembly.


W.W GRAINGER, CA 90016 
Sales-Service Associate June, 2005 to May, 2009 
Customer service at Will Call Express: 
Insured that will call orders were ready when customer arrived. 
Recorded daily will call ready rate. 
Guided customers to other resources such as Tech Support, Credit, Grainger Parts or sales, as necessary. 
Met or exceeded monitoring standards on phones and at counter. 
Customer Service Phone Support: 
Assisted customers in the selection of products by effectively communicating product and service offerings over the phone or in person. 
Used the SAP and ASAP system Data Base to provide information on pricing, availability and alternate product selection to complete customer transactions.

RIVERSIDE AUTO AUCTION Riverside, CA
Customer Service April, 2003 to September, 2004
Auto Sales Coordinator August, 2004 to October 2005
Assist Dealers/Car Pullers, find vehicles
Move sold cars to stock areas for transportation
 Assist Crew Leaders to Move/Pick up cars to and from destinations.  Check lanes for
              accuracy before sales.
Assist Transportation Office to find cars for road drivers.
Assist Factory reps and Coordinators to find missing cars.
Special assignments as needed from Operations Managers.
Assisted in keeping car inventories
Set up prepared and staged autos for bi-weekly auction sales. 

CABLE DATA INCORPRATED (U.S. Computer Services International)
Sacramento, CA
Tech II Technical Response Center August,
Provide on-line and dial in support for Penril VCX 100, 150, 250 and 1000 five slot and 19
slot multiplexers. Perform troubleshooting to card level.
Provide on-line and dial in support for Tandem CLX, Cyclones and Himalayas. This
encompasses troubleshooting hardware and operating system problems.
Assist Cable Data customers in troubleshooting communication problems with Fujitsu,
Telebit and Codex modems. Also provided on-line support for Cable Data configuration
pin outs. This included multiplexers, terminals, printers and modems.
Provided phone support for customers using the Cable Data Emulators

MOTOROLA FIELD SERVICE 
Pleasanton, CA 
Field Engineer 
National Accounts Coordinator September 1989 to November 1992 
Provided focal point of communication for all national accounts for the Western Region;
Designed a billing system utilizing the Informix Data Base software to keep track of
customers and their equipment.
Created SQL programs for calculating hourly rates and service call dollar values.
Attended quarterly meetings to ensure all western region customers' needs were met
(As Field Engineer) I serviced and maintained Four Phase Systems and Motorola System
V/68 UNIX systems. (Hardware)

TOSHIBA AMERICA Torrance, CA
Copier Technician
Installed, modified and repaired copier machines.
Provided technical assistance and training to copier users.
Helped oversee all aspects of major copier problems to service personnel for correction. 

SUMMARY 
Able to communicate and interact effectively with individuals of all levels. 
Able to follow directions. 
Able to recognize client needs, and meet them. 
Able to work independently. 
Computer literate - can quickly learn new software.
Self Directed 
Dependable 
Professional demeanor. 


EDUCATION 
California State University Long Beach Long Beach, CA 
Majored in Biology

Control Data Institute Los Angeles 
Certified Computer Technician 

Caregiver Solutions Stone Mountain GA
Healthcare Career Training
Certificate of Completion February 18th 2011
Fall prevention.
Safely handling, moving, and transferring patients.
Identify signs and symptoms of infection problems or complications to immediately report to RN or MD.
Bed baths and occupied bed changes.  Caring for patients with dementia.
Infection control, pressure ulcer prevention, and caring for the bedridden patients.
CPR certified.
Caring for patients with a colostomy's.  Education includes all of the training necessary to function in the capacity of a certified nurse's aide.  



  
    billing system
  
  
    bi
  
  
    Cable
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    Credit
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
    Customer service
  
  
    Data Base
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    Phone Support
    phone support
  
  
    Informix
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Office
  
  
    modems
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    operating system
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    copier
  
  
    Pick
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    printers
  
  
    Express
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    System
V
  
  
    tables
  
  
    Tandem CLX
  
  
    Tech Support
    technical assistance
  
  
    phones
    phone
  
  
    Transportation
    transportation
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    UNIX
  


