
Renee Trepagnier
3110 Lafayette Avenue
Austin, TX 78722
(512) 632-7905
renee@trepagnier.net

OBJECTIVE

Senior project management position in software development.  
 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Senior project manager with over 10 years experience managing software development projects for web applications, software as a service, and interactive media.  
Skilled in project methodologies using Agile, scrum and iterative development to implement and release software applications including interactive web apps, ecommerce, content and learning management systems, portals, user ratings, and content syndication.
Skillful leader and facilitator with experience introducing repeatable processes in startup companies and fast paced environments.
Learning based, PMP and ScrumMaster certified.

EXPERIENCE

Keller Williams Realty International	Austin, TX
Project management manager	7/2005 - 1/2008

Manage project managers for the IT and software development department at the corporate office of Keller Williams Realty. Projects included corporate web site, e-commerce, customized software tools, and a portal application supporting over 70,000 franchisees. 
Supervise, direct and coordinate project teams for software development, overseeing annual project budgets exceeding $1.7M. Determine scope, deliverables, and milestones of projects. 
Hire, train and coach team members.  
Work with executives and senior management as well as the project management team to define and follow standards, applying PMI methodology for projects. 
Ticketmaster/Citysearch	West Hollywood, CA
Senior project manager	5/1997 - 12/1999 &amp; 1/2001 - 6/2003 

Provided successful delivery of web applications for the national network of online city guides for this popular ticketing and local search company. Projects included an interactive web application for user ratings on local businesses, a web site redesign to facilitate user/marketing interaction, optimization of the search performance, relevance and quality of results on the city guides, editorial and content management tools used to enter data on the site, and content syndication to other major search engines or portals such as MSN and AOL.
Mentored other members of team in project management and leadership. 
Initially played a variety of roles including managing teams for tech support, quality assurance and release management. 

Petsmart.com 	Pasadena, CA
Program manager	1/2000 - 12/2000

Provided management, leadership and strategic planning for implementations including a custom content management system for the web site as well as implementing the backend e-commerce system for this online pet supply company. 
Established quality assurance program by adopting quality standards, applying quality management methodology, and implementing quality control procedures and tools. Hired and trained quality engineers. Led the evaluation and integration of third party applications for software testing.

GE Capital-ResCom	Los Angeles, CA
Help Desk supervisor	4/1996 - 5/1997

Managed the Corporate Help Desk staff supporting over 300 local and remote customer service and sales team members. 
Presented analyses to executive managers on systems and business process issues. 


EDUCATION and CREDENTIALS
Certified ScrumMaster, 2009
Microsoft Project Orange Belt Certification, 2007
Project Management Professional (PMP), 2005

Bachelor of Arts, History major with secondary education certification	
University of Texas, Austin, TX

SKILLS
Highly proficient with MS Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and Project, including Project Server
Familiarity with html, css, xml, sql















  
    AOL
  
  
    animation
  
  
    audio
  
  
    budgets
  
  
    business process
  
  
    coach
  
  
    content
    content development
    content management
  
  
    css
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    editorial
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Help Desk
  
  
    html
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office suite
    office
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    MSN
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    search engines
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    Project Management
    project management and leadership
    project management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
    quality management
    quality control
  
  
    sales
  
  
    script
  
  
    software development
  
  
    software testing
  
  
    sql
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    tech support
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    video
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    web site
  
  
    xml
  


