
GILMA NELLY LOZADA
58-03 CALLOWAY STREET (4E) CORONA, NEW YORK 11368 (CELL) 917-560-3898
EMAIL - NLOZADA@PIPELINE.COM



SUMMARY
IT Professional specializing in Local Area Networking, Desktop Support, Helpdesk, Email Management and Voice Technology.
Network administration and remote management of servers and workstations.
Outstanding troubleshooter with the ability to quickly diagnose and resolve desktop issues.
Excellent interpersonal communication skills; interact with all levels from executives and administration personnel to end-users, able to explain complex concepts and ideas to non-technical individuals.
Manage and administer entire telecommunications infrastructure and its associated software, including PBXs, call management systems, voice mail, interactive voice response, and video conferencing systems and call recording (including Avaya, Mitel 3300 and other voice platforms).
Interact and negotiate with vendors, outsourcers, and contractors to secure products and services in a timely and professional manner.
Prioritize tasks to accomplish maximum results and timely completion of projects. 

Key Strengths:

Strong experience with Desktop and Helpdesk support 
Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language
Break/Fix Troubleshooting
Experience working in a team-oriented collaborative environment
Strong Project Management Skills
Network and application documentation
Strong customer-service orientation



TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software/Tools:	Network Administration and Remote Management of servers and workstations, Call Center &amp; ACD, PC/Desktop Support, Help Desk, Digital Surveillance Security Installations, WebHelpdesk software, Avaya Audix &amp; Definity, Email &amp; Web Filtering, Microsoft Professional Server 2003, 2008 &amp; Workstation, NT, W2K, XP, Vista, Windows 7, Microsoft Exchange 2003, 2007 and 2010 Administration, MS Office 2010, Novell 5, and 6, Ghost and Acronis, Veritas Backup Exec, Arcserve, PCAnywhere, Symantec Anti-Virus and Security, other antivirus programs and anti-malware software, Blackberry Devices, Ipads, Polycoms, Mitel 3300, Avaya Partner and Magix systems, Time Slips, Time Matters, Fundware, Pledgemaker(Oracle based application), Datastream applications.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Safe Horizon, Inc.  New York, NY                                                       August 2007 - May 2011	
Desktop Support &amp; Telecommunications Analyst
Responsibilities:

Managed the recording and logging of calls into the Peregrine Help Desk system. Retrieved voicemail, email requests, and assigned system tickets to clients.
Supported numerous programs and shelters throughout New York City.
Trained new employees in daily operations.
Created new accounts, assigned user rights, and reset user passwords using Microsoft Active Directory.
Level 2 desktop support specialist (Helpdesk) 
Assisted Senior Manager in deploying Blackberry devices to senior staff members. Provided necessary documentation and training to use devices.
Developed documentation and established help desk operations.
Conducted research on emerging products in support of help desk technology.
Tracked and analyzed trends in Help Desk requests and generated statistical reports.

Managed and administered the entire telecommunications infrastructure and its associated software, including PBXs, call management systems, voice mail, interactive voice response, and 
video conferencing systems. (Mitel 3300, Avaya Partner, Magix, other key systems)
Supported 24x7 Call Center operations which consisted of NICE Call Recording and Prairie Fyre 
ACD applications for internal support to the operations.
Prepared and developed long range telecommunications development plans in accordance with stated business strategy including disaster recovery plans.
Designed and oversaw telecommunications projects with a goal to improving or expanding the current infrastructure to support and help guide programs.
Developed, implemented, and maintained policies, procedures, and training plans for telecommunication systems administration and appropriate use.
Worked with vendors to establish service level agreements based on program requirements.
Assessed the need for system reconfigurations, developed plans and executed the required changes.
Voice and Data and specific applications- also helped with overseeing the maintenance of all circuits and phone lines throughout the organization.
Maintained a current knowledge of emerging products, services, protocols, and standards in support of telecommunications equipment procurement and development efforts.
Assisted with the Digital Surveillance Systems throughout the organization.
Oversaw IT related aspects of all corporate construction and renovation projects.
Oversaw all telecom billing and ordering of new circuits. Assisted with the annual budgeting for all telecom expenses. 

The Fresh Air Fund                                                                                         1997 - 2005				
Network Administrator/Desktop Support 
Responsibilities:
Prepared and ensured accuracy of documentation, procedures manuals, and help sheets for network installations, including data, and voice technology. 
Diagnosed, resolved, and documented hardware and software network problems in a timely and accurate fashion, and provided end user training and support where required.
Recommended developed and implemented end user training programs to increase computer literacy and self-sufficiency.
Provisional administrative functions - Created Network accounts, Email accounts, Blackberry Provisioning, and Audio Conferencing.
Conducted research on emerging products, services, protocols, and standards in support of help desk technology procurement and development efforts.


Achievements:
Knowledge of computer hardware and software, including Novell 5 and 6, Windows Operating Systems Windows XP, 7, Server 2003, 2008, Citrix server, Oracle server, Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010.  Migrated users from Lotus CCMail to Exchange 5.5 and three years later to Exchange 2003.
Application support experience with various applications such as Pledgemaker (Oracle based databases), Fundware (Accounting software residing on Citrix Server).
 Moved users from WorPerfect to Microsoft Office.
Working knowledge of a range of diagnostic, backup, (Arcserve and Symantec Backup Exec) and imaging utilities, including Ghost.
Demonstrated progressive experience on the technical support team.
Proven track record of developing and providing Service Level Agreements and Help Desk deliverables.


The Museum of the Moving Image, New York, NY	1996 - 1997
Manager of Information Technology
Responsibilities:
Benchmarked, analyzed, reported on, and made recommendations for the improvement and growth of the IT infrastructure and IT systems 
Maintained system backups, and prepared daily and month-end reports for executives and other management and personnel
Managed and maintained a Novell 3.12  network for 40 users.  Resolved network, hardware, and software issues for all users(helpdesk functions).
Negotiated and administered vendor, and service agreements for hardware and software.
Managed the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade, and support of all IT systems, including servers, PCs, operating systems, hardware, software, and peripherals.
Oversaw provision of end-user services, including helpdesk and technical support services.


EDUCATION

Working toward MCITP certification

LaGuardia Community College, Long Island City, New York
Continuing Education Courses
	
Iona College, New Rochelle, New York
Currently have 18 credits (out of 36) towards Master's Degree in Telecommunications.

LaGuardia Community College, Long Island City, New York
Associate in Applied Science
Major: Management Information Systems

Queens College, Flushing, New York
Bachelor of Arts
Major: Psychology

LaGuardia Community College, Long Island City, New York
Associate in Arts
	Major: Liberal Arts

Additional Skills:
	Bilingual -English/Spanish
	
REFERENCES
Available upon request


















  
    ACD
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Anti-Virus
    antivirus
  
  
    Arcserve
  
  
    Audio
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budgeting
  
  
    business strategy
  
  
    Call Center
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    computer hardware
    hardware
  
  
    computer literacy
  
  
    clients
  
  
    diagnosis
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Email
    email
  
  
    Bilingual -English
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    Ghost
  
  
    Help Desk
    help desk
  
  
    interactive voice response
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    law
  
  
    Lotus CCMail
  
  
    access
  
  
    Exchange
    Exchange 5
  
  
    Microsoft Exchange 2003
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    Windows 7
    Windows Operating Systems
  
  
    W2K
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    NICE
  
  
    Network Administration
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    Novell 5
  
  
    Novell 3.12
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    PCAnywhere
  
  
    Peregrine
  
  
    peripherals
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    profit
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    Recording
    recording
  
  
    research
  
  
    routers
  
  
    servers
  
  
    service level agreements
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    switches
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    systems administration
  
  
    technical support
    Desktop Support
    desktop support
  
  
    user training
  
  
    telecommunications
    telecom
    telecommunication
  
  
    phone
  
  
    troubleshoot
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    Veritas Backup
  
  
    video conferencing
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Voice and Data
  
  
    voice mail
  


