
SANDEEP SINGH
sainisandeep500@gmail.com
21329 108th Ave SE
Kent, WA 98031
253-520-5004


Summary: Confident and enthusiastic professional with understanding of IT environment through a blend of real experiences and academia. Good interpersonal skills acquired through work experience and positions of responsibility. A team player with the personal drive to learn and share knowledge with others.

Academic Background:
Masters of Science in Information Technology 
Punjab Technical University Jalandhar, 2004-2006. Graduated 
Bachelor of Science in Biology &amp; Chemistry 
Punjab University Chandigarh. 2002-2004. Graduated
High School 
Punjab School Education Board. Graduation 2001.

Professional Background:
Punjab Technical University Jalandhar, Lecturer. December 2006 - May 2011
Lecturing college students in various IT related courses 
Management and implementation of core plans related to improvement of institution
Supervision of Teaching Assistants
Providing guidance to students regarding courses  

Technical &amp; Computer Skills:
Fluency in: Java, C Sharp, Visual Basic, HTML, A.S.P (Active Server pages), C, and C ++ Language.
Fluency in Database Management: SQL Server, Oracle and M.S Access.
Other Skills: Working knowledge in M.S office, Windows Operating System, Networking, Software Engineering, Management of Information Systems, System Analysis and Design, Principles of Management, Windows 2000 Administration, Linux, WAP.

PERSONAL SKILLS: Hardworking, honest, team spirit and positive attitude towards work and people.




  
    Active Server pages
  
  
    C
  
  
    C ++
  
  
    Database Management
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Lecturing
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Access
  
  
    C Sharp
  
  
    office
  
  
    Windows Operating System
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    Networking
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Software Engineering
  
  
    SQL Server
  
  
    Supervision
  
  
    System Analysis and Design
  
  
    Teaching
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    WAP
  


