
CURRICULUM VITAE (as at March 2012)

WILLIAM DAVID MORETON BEng(Hons) MSc

STRESS ANALYST

Address.		Mukilteo, WA 98275 USA
Nationality :		British (UK), Permanent US Resident (Greencard holder).

KEYWORDS

Stress analysis, Structural analysis, Structural dynamics, finite element analysis, FEMAP, Nastran

EDUCATION HISTORY

First Degree.	BEng(Hons) (2-1) Manufacturing Systems Engineering
		Leeds Metropolitan University, Calverly St, Leeds, UK

Masters.	MSc Applied Mechanics (rotor dynamics and finite element analysis)
		Cranfield Institute of Technology, Cranfield, Beds, UK

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Jun '07 - Feb '08, ASAP Corporation, Marysville, WA, USA

Analysis and design of Boeing 757 interiors seat pod (pallet, curved seat surround, credenza, seat and seat track fittings), hand calculations and some FE (FEMAP &amp; NASTRAN).

Jan '07 - Jun '07, Smiths Aerospace, Mukilteo, WA, USA

Reviewing vendor supplied stress analysis reports for 787 landing gear mechanical systems components, typically containing detailed hand calculations and FEA for static strength, and fatigue based on Boeing DFR method.

Oct '04 - Jan '07, Boeing Commercial Aircraft, Everett, WA, USA

Multi-phase jacking and shoring analysis for modification of 747-400 to Large Cargo Freighter ("Dream Lifter").
Stress analysis, fatigue and failsafe analysis of various LCF structures. Stress support for liaison engineering. Stress analysis of massive "waffle" type bulkhead under cargo impact loads (hand calcs and Nastran/Patran).

Sept'03 - Aug '04, Messier-Dowty, Gloucester, UK

In-service support of A330/A340 Airbus landing gear.  Producing life limits for landing gear components based on on-going fatigue tests.  Component failure investigations.   Investigating structural effects of hard landings and off-runway excursions.

March '03 - Sept '03, Westland Helicopters Ltd, Yeovil, Somerset, UK

Fatigue analysis of helicopter rotors.  Composite rotor assembly stress analysis (in-house methods)

One-off consultancy job carried out in January '03
Stirling Dynamics Ltd, Bristol, UK

Structural analysis of a light aircraft wing strut was carried out as part of a certification procedure.  The wing strut was modified to carry additional stores.  Analysis included inertial and aerodynamic loading as well as non-linear beam-column behavior (hand calcs).

December '01 - March '03, Strachan &amp; Henshaw Ltd, Bristol, UK

Static and dynamic structural analysis of submarine weapons handling equipment and related superstructure (hand calcs, Mathcad and FE).

One-off consultancy job carried out in July '01
Structural Dynamic Systems Ltd, Coventry, UK

SDS Ltd design and manufacture cast aluminum components for large shaker tables and other testing equipment.  I developed for them a large shaker table platform using alternative materials (balsa core sandwich composite) improving performance at lower weight and lower cost.  (FEMAP/ NASTRAN and hand calculations)

May '00 - December '01, Messier-Dowty Ltd, Gloucester, UK

Fatigue and stress analysis of Nimrod MRA4 landing gear.  Bird strike analysis of Nimrod landing gear including derivation of a method for transient dynamic bird strike against slender components.  Derived fatigue and wear tests for main and nose landing gear gland seals including justification for the philosophy. (Hand calculations)

September '99 - May '00, GKN Westland Helicopters, Yeovil, Somerset, UK

Fatigue analysis of rotor components for Lynx helicopters (in-house methods).  Identified and wrote software which was instrumental in investigating crashes involving premature rotor failures.  That software is now standard in the company.

Jul '98 - September '99, Hansford Engineering Ltd, Biggleswade, Beds, UK

Stress analysis of aircraft structures. Much of the work was in the analysis of aircraft modifications and the installation of additional equipment.  The majority of this stressing was by hand methods. 

Jul '97 - Jul '98, Matra Marconi Space Ltd, Stevenage, Herts, UK

Lead Engineer in the stress analysis/design of large satellite reflector structures (carbon fiber and Kevlar composite structures) including static, vibration and random acoustic vibration analyses.  Loads analysis was predominantly using FE methods with detail stress analysis by hand (FEMAP/Nastran and hand calcs).  Responsible for supporting sine vibration, static, and acoustic vibration tests of several main reflectors including specifying tests and modifying them in-situ to meet objectives.

One-off consultancy job carried out in Dec '96
Hydrotechnics Ltd, Luton, Beds, UK

Hydrotechnics Ltd designs and manufactures fabricated structures for ground handling of small airships.  I produced for them a bespoke finite element analysis program for the dedicated modeling and analysis of ground handling structures. 

Nov '91 - Jul '97, Renewable Energy Systems Ltd, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, UK

Structural analysis and design of structures and machine components for wind turbines.  Created software tools to aid static and dynamic analysis (FORTRAN).
Created buoyancy mathematical model and analysis for Osprey wind/wave energy device.  Preliminary design for an offshore foundation structure for a 1MW wind turbine including predicting response to random wind and wave loading and predicting fatigue (mostly hand calculations).

Jul '90 - Nov '91, SDRC Engineering Services, Hitchin, Herts, UK

Seismic analysis of large fuel oil pipe systems. Machine component design and analysis. Statics, dynamics, FE analysis using SDRC Ideas and ANSYS, as well as hand calculation methods.

Aug '89 - Jul '90, GEC Large Machines Division, Stafford, UK

Assisted in design studies and stress analysis, mostly of large (500-900MW) rotors.




1




  
    ANSYS
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    BEng
  
  
    Dec
  
  
    FORTRAN
  
  
    Lynx
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Mathcad
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    weapons
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    MSc
  
  
    NASTRAN
    Nastran
  
  
    oil
  
  
    Patran
  
  
    philosophy
  
  
    Producing
  
  
    Repairs
    repairs
  
  
    Systems Engineering
  
  
    tables
  
  
    type
  


