
CURRICULUM VITAE 


Name:                      Gashu Fentie Zegeye
Sex:                           Male 
Nationality               Ethiopian
Address:                   Telephone gashu_fentie@yahoo.com
P.O.Box 57683
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Telephone +251 -911- 539601 

Summary 

With an initial background in Biology (BSc), then entomology (MSc), I have more than 17 years extensive experience in; capacity building, monitoring and evaluation, community mobilization and communication on health and education, coordination including the National Malaria Indicator Survey (NMIS 2007); provision of consultancy for the FMOH and also served as Global Fund malaria consultant for Amhara regional state. Participated in different trainings, manual developments and Message harmonization workshop on malaria. I have also experience in coordinating and managing qualitative and quantitative studies from design to implementation for AED/C-Change on malaria and ANC/PMTCT baseline surveys. I have also useful experience on the development of guidelines, provision of trainings and community mobilization on child survival and Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza (HPAI) pandemic, in a pre- outbreak scenario. In addition I have been working on the control of NTDs with the Carter Center especially in Trachoma and Onchocerciasis control and control of Leishmaniasis with MSF Greece. 

Education 
September 2001- January 2004  Addis Ababa University, MSc in Entomology 
September 1986 - July 1990 Addis Ababa University, BSc in Biology

Additional trainings
Enhancing Organizational Capacities to Institutionalize and Scale Up Participatory Communication from Ohio university (April 19-June 25,2010)
Evaluation and Assessment Certificate from Ohio university (April 9-May 21,2007)
Attended and coordinated the National Malaria Indicator Survey training 2007 conducted in Adama town, Ethiopia  from October 3-11,2007(MIS 2007)
International course on Malaria and other Major Tropical Diseases and planning their control, organized jointly by the MOH, the World Bank and WHO conducted in Nazareth, Ethiopia, from 13 September to 10 December 1999, Certificate (WHO, Geneva).
Certificate on training of trainers on epidemic prevention and control and orientation of new malaria treatment protocol (Nazareth, Ethiopia)
Trachoma control project development workshop sponsored by the International Development Research Center (Canada) in Tanzania, held from Feb. 22 - 24/2005. 
Participated in the development of 5 years strategic plan by the Anti-Malaria association October 18-21, 2004.
Participated in the development of 5 years strategic plan in Amhara region organized by the Essential Services for Health Ethiopia (ESHE)-USAID October 11-13 2004.
Workshop on 5 years malaria scale up 6-10 November 2000 (Ethiopia).
National conference on Roll back Malaria in Ethiopia 7-9 February 2000 (Ethiopia).
Malaria surveillance, epidemic detection and response (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 18-21 April 2000) organized by Malaria control program MOH, WHO/UNICEF 
Certificate of training program on Science and Technology popularization and Research and Development, school science clubs and on the use of science kits (Ethiopian science and technology commission, UNDP and education bureau of Amhara region).

Professional experience 

April 15, 2011 - Feb 29, 2012:  Malaria Technical Capacity Builder (JSI/USAID Seconded to FMOH).

Key achievements 
Developed Health Centre professional training manual on malaria prevention and control 
Organized, Coordinated and conducted national training on malaria prevention and control (375 Health professionals trained) using the manual
Developed Emergency proposal on malaria prevention and control for drought affected areas and refugees residing in Ethiopia 
Prepared and submitted national feedback on GF auditors program report 
Developed National Statement on Malaria Prevention and Control for the 61st Africa WHO Summit in collaboration with the officers.
Developed officers training manual and Technical Capacity Builders manual for the FMOH
Developing Integrated Supportive Supervision (ISS) checklist 
Supporting the ministry on the development of national plan
Provided support to the malaria case teams through group discussion, mentoring,  and meetings
Participated in the malaria micro-planning and insecticide management strategy development workshop
Participated in the malaria progress review which is being done for the first time in Ethiopia.
Participate in different meetings including Technical Advisory Committee meetings and have contributed to the progress made.
Reviewed the different documents of the ministry.


Dec 2008 - April: 2011 Monitoring and Evaluation Advisor for AED/C-Change (USAID). 
 Key achievements
Developed work plan and performance monitoring plan for AED/C-Change
Developed research objectives, reviewed study designs, methodologies, questionnaires and oversaw the training and the field work of three baseline studies (qualitative, quantitative and private health sector studies on malaria and ANC/PMTCT), monitored the quality of the study.
Contributed in the development of tools for malaria and ANC/PMTCT qualitative, quantitative and private health facility studies and organized and monitored the overall quality assessment of the three studies by developing monitoring tools, guiding supervisors and directly involved in supervision and by providing appropriate feedback to the firms. 
Contributed in the development of communication strategies and technical inputs especially on malaria.
Conducted research reviews on malaria and presented research findings for malaria message harmonization and regional sensitization workshops for regional, Zonal and Woreda/district participants and team members and partners.
Conducted research reviews on ANC/PMTCT and presented research findings for regional sensitization workshops for regional, Zonal and Woreda participants and partners.
Supervise program activities and  Provided technical support to regional and woreda coordinators of the team.   
Provide  training on monitoring program activities to health workers &amp; community mobilizers 
March 2008 - Dec 25, 2008 - Child survival and Avian Influenza Program Officer in the AED/HCP- Ethiopia (USAID).

Key achievements
Provide training of trainers to community based Health Extension Workers (HEWs) and supervisors to equip them with facilitation skills on key preventive health themes to promote health and nutrition of children and pregnant women so as to enable HEWs conduct cascade trainings to Model Families.
Developed an implementation guidelines for Avian Influenza prevention strategies to minimize the impact of Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza (HPAI) pandemic, in a pre- outbreak scenario
Develop conceptual frame work and indicators for avian influenza.
Organize &amp; conducted AI sensitization training for regional and zonal stakeholders (Regional and Zonal Agriculture, Health and Education bureaus, public relations and mass media).
Conducted training of trainers on HPAI prevention strategies in pre-outbreak scenarios to District and Kebele/Village leaders and stake holders (Agriculture, Health and Education offices).
Conducted monthly site visits in pilot areas on actions being taken on the prevention of HPAI and Newcastle.
Maintained sound communication and strong relationship with partners and stakeholders
Conducted review meetings to see the progress, identify gaps and look for possible solutions.
Conducted site visits to assess the Knowledge and practice  of preventing Avian Influenza pandemic  in the  project areas 
Keep relevant records and maintain regular flow of information to HCP and concerned partners.

Sep 2007 to Jan 2007 - Coordinator for the National Malaria Indicator Survey 2007 

Key achievements
Organized the overall MIS 2007 training (availing  training manuals, training supplies, working conditions for the lab as well as field trip training, accommodations for the facilitators, stationeries etc)
Reporting and Debriefing daily activities for the core group during the training
Coordinating and formation of teams to conduct the survey in different part of the regions according to the local situation (language, culture etc) 
Allocated and monitored survey logistics, supplies, reagents, finance and other supervision requirements (like checklists, Maps, supply handover formats etc) and coordinating different partners to participate in the supervision and also involved directly in the field to conduct supportive supervisions
Translating the survey questionnaires, consent forms and others in to Local language (Amharic)
Identifying major threats of the survey and seeking possible solutions timely like changing Enumeration Areas (EAs), adjusting equipments which are not working, facilitating purchase or donation of severely lacking supplies.
Stratification of EAs in to malarious and non malarious based on ITN distribution.
Receiving and checking the data and equipments from the field and transferring the data for the data manager.
Liquidating financial issues and proper management of the logistics from the field and forwarding to the respected partners.
Facilitating laboratory slides collected from the field (sorting, labeling and identification).

June 2006 - Sep 2007 - Health and Education Community Mobilization Officer, in the AED/HCP 

Key achievements
Mobilizing communities on health and education in collaboration with partners (Essential Service for Health in Ethiopia (ESHE), Path finder, and World Learning) and the government (MoH, MoE)
Conducting community orientation meetings at the Kebele level.
Developing guidelines and conducting trainings and workshops on health and education on champion community program to district partners and Kebele Action Committee(KAC)
Providing technical assistance to partners on conducting Quarter Review Meetings (QRMs)
Developing guidelines for conducting monthly meetings, community festivals, and sustainability workshops.
Monitoring health and education activities implemented at community level
Conducting field visits (action research) at community level to assess the progress.
Training of Zonal and district health workers on Family Health Card (child survival interventions) in collaboration with ESHE and Amhara Regional Health Bureau.

September 2005 to May 2006 - Global Fund Malaria Consultant, Amhara National Regional State Health Bureau, Bahir-Dar, Ethiopia. 

Key achievements
Developed and submitted the five year malaria strategic plan for Amhara National Regional State (2006-2005).
Conduct workshops on better ways of malaria prevention and control e.g. developed system of ITN distribution mechanism supplemented with strong follow up and collecting and managing the data to the village level.
Organized and conducted workshops on the new anti-malarial drug (ACT) implementation to government, private and Non governmental organizations at regional level and organizing cascade trainings to all health facilities including the lower health posts throughout the region with allocation of the necessary budget for the training.
Organized and conducted training on epidemic prevention and control, disease management and vector control to Zonal and District health workers in West and East parts of the region at two different times and designed and monitored cascade trainings to health facilities in the districts with allocation of budgets and supplies.
Classification of districts to different strata based on malaria transmission in order to facilitate prioritization of malaria intervention tools in the region.
Allocation and follow up of Global fund support tools and supplies 
Conduct review meetings to identify gaps and seek possible solutions.
Work closely and at ease with partners (MSF Greece, Holland, Net mark, WHO, UNICEF, MoH and AMA).
Assessment of risk factors and gaps in the resettlement areas and providing possible solutions as part of the regional assessment team organized from the different government regional sector offices.
Developed integrated disease surveillance implementation plan for the region in collaboration with Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
Provision of malaria progress report monthly to MOH and regional health bureau 

Feb 2004 - Aug 2005 and Sep 1997 - Aug 2001 - Expert, Malaria and Other Vector Born Diseases Control Department, Amhara National Regional State Health Bureau, Bahir-Dar, Ethiopia. 

Key achievements
Organized and conducted extended, focused and exceptional trainings on malaria prevention and control activities with special emphasis on vector control to Sanitarians and Public health nurses to fill the gap created on vector control   technicians, as their number become fewer and fewer from time to time and to equip districts with vector control techniques in two rounds for 30 days for each batch (a quick response to the international training given in Nazareth). 
Developed annual work and monitored implementation progress made at various levels.
Provided technical assistance to Zonal and district health workers on malaria planning and implementation.
Organized and conducted supervision at various levels (Zones and districts at program level) and actual implementations at community level in the field (household and health facility level).
Organized activity reports at the regional level and reported to the Federal MoH.
Creating malaria database at regional level from the districts monthly report and availing and using the generated data for planning and trend analysis (including collection of proactive data)
Coordinated regional workshops and meetings.
Preparation of project proposals for different trainings, workshops, meetings etc.
Participate in various regional, national and international seminars and workshops.
Developed and maintained excellent relationship with partners on the prevention and control of malaria and other vector borne diseases.

Sep 1990 - Aug 1994 - Teacher, Abrahawo-Atsibaha Secondary School, in East Gojjam Zone, Amhara National Regional state.  

Sep 1994 - 1997 - Teacher, Belay Zeleke Senior Secondary School in East Gojjam Zone, Amhara National Regional state. 

Key achievements
Teaching in the class and demonstration in the laboratory and field set up and also developing teaching aids in collaboration with the teaching aid center.
Organize and coordinate school clubs (Health, science and technology, environmental protection, sport)
Involve in different school committee -and administrative responsibilities.
1993 Acting Director of the school.
1992 Administration and discipline committee member
1991- 1992 Department head of biology and chemistry. 
1990- 1991 Red Cross and anti AIDS club member.
1990- 1991 Red Cross and anti AIDS club chairman.
Played active role in the celebration of parent school day with emphasis to promotion of science.

Research

Published in scientific journals

Ownership and use of insecticide-treated nets in Oromia and Amhara Regional States of Ethiopia two years after a nationwide campaign.
 Published in Tropical Medicine and International Health: volume 16 no 12 pp 1552-1561 December 2011.
"The Role of Private Health Facilities in the Provision of Malaria Case Management and Prevention Services in four Zones of Oromia Region, Ethiopia" 
Published: Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.
Malaria Indicator Survey (MIS) 2007, Ethiopia: "Coverage and use of major malaria prevention and control interventions." 
      Published in Malaria Journal 2010, 9:58doi:10.1186/1475-2875-9-58 
"Follow up of low cost latrine promotion program in one district, Ethiopia: characteristics of early adopters and non-adopters." 
       Published in Tropical Medicine and International Health: Volume 11, No 9.
"Community Conceptions about Causes and Mode of Malaria transmission" (A Qualitative Study) 
       Submitted to: Acta Tropica  (awaiting publication).

Unpublished Works

Assessment of Species Composition and Ecology of Eye-Seeking Flies (Diptera: Muscidae) in relation to Trachoma Transmission in South Gondar, Northwest Ethiopia. A Thesis Submitted to the School of Graduate Studies of Addis Ababa University in Partial Fulfillment of the Requirements for the Degree of Master of Science in Biology in 2004.

Other activities 
Situation Analysis of Malaria and the Health Sector of Fentale District, East Shoa Zone, Oromia Region, Ethiopia. A study submitted as part of the course work on international course on malaria and other major tropical diseases and planning their control (Nazareth, Ethiopia November 1999).

Plan development - A Malaria Control Program Plan of Amhara Region. A plan submitted as part of the course work on international course on malaria and other major tropical diseases and planning their control (Nazareth, Ethiopia November 1999) and some operational researches in Amhara region. 
 

Computer courses/ skills
Introduction to computer, Microsoft word, Microsoft Excel, Power point, and familiar with SPSS and Access software.

Professional membership and networks 
Member of Ethiopian Public Health Association, Ethiopian Biological Society and Africa Vacation Club.
 Reference

Teshome Gebre (PhD) ITI's Regional Representative for Africa.
	              251-091-120-3524	
E-mail: E-mail: teshumanga2002@yahoo.com, teshebiretu@gmail.com.

Dereje Muluneh (M.D, MPH) National Malaria Program Officer UNICEF/Ethiopia 
Telephone: 251-011-551-5155	      
	             251-911-239995 
E-mail:  dmuluneh@yahoo.com

Gezahegn Tesfaye (B.Sc, MPH), Technical Director, Malaria Consortium, Ethiopia
Telephone: 251-911-662-803
                   251-011-616-5336/467-4022
E-mail: g.tesfaye@malariaconsortium.org


I the under signed declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge 
Name Gashu Fentie 

Signature  
______________________

 














9




  
    administrative
  
  
    AI
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    C
  
  
    database
  
  
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    frame
  
  
    Geneva
  
  
    government
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    mark
  
  
    Meetings
    meetings
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    pp
  
  
    2000
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    organizing
    Organizational
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project development
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    proposals
    Proposal
    proposal
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quick
  
  
    Receiving
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    scientific
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    sound
  
  
    strategy development
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    Summit
  
  
    Supervision
    supervision
  
  
    Teaching
    teaching
  
  
    technical support
    technical assistance
  
  
    training manuals
  
  
    Translating
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    trend
  
  
    workshops
  


