
Swarna PM Dewage
Visa Status-Green Card
Email-swarnapadmaseeli@yahoo.com
Mobile-703 785 2935 


Skilled IT professional with over 7 years in Quality Assurance 
Experience of both the Client/Server and Web-Based Applications.
Strong Experienced in  Manual Testing with executing Automated test scripts.
Detailed understanding of QA methodology (Agile, Waterfall) to ensure quality of the application.
Proficient in different phases of Testing like Black Box Testing,  Functionality Testing, Unit Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Modular Testing, Backend Testing, Stress Testing, Regression Testing and User Acceptance testing.
Proficient in preparing the test cases and scripts by analyzing Business Requirements and Specifications and able to Work closely with Development team and Business Analysts to analyze the test scenarios.
Experience with writing and utilizing SQL queries for data verification.
Extensive knowledge and experience in all stages of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), beginning from initiation and definition to deployment and support.
Experience in functional testing with a complete QA cycle from testing, defect logging and verification of fixed bugs. 
Strong time management skills, ability to multi-task &amp; handle multiple test assignments &amp; prioritize them.
Experienced working with onshore and offshore resources.
Experience in working in test lab environment to maintain HIPAA standards.
Experienced with various domains such as Financial, Health care, Pharmacy and Insurance.
Excellent Analytical skills and a Team Player with good communication skills.

Education:
BA in Economics and Statistics -(University of Sri-Jayawardhanapura  - Sri-Lanka) 
Diploma in Computer Application (University of  Sri-Jayawardhanapura- Sri-Lanka)
Diploma in Education- (Open University of Sri-Lanka)



Skills:
Business Domains
Financial, Health Care, Insurance Services and Pharmacy  
Testing Tools
 Mercury Quality Center, Quick Test Pro,  Rational Clear Quest 
RDBMS
Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i/, MS SQLServer , UDB DB2 9.x,  MS Access 7.0 
Web Technologies
Citizens Bank, Providence,RI                                                   
Senior QA Analyst ; November 2009 - December 2010
The purpose of this project was to test the software which provided solutions to customers to manage their finances conveniently and easily, anytime. The main modules of this application were customer info, accounts summary, insurance, pay bills, fund transfer, stop payment on checks, receive balance alert, view checks online,  debit card/credit card transactions, loan information and profit and loss analysis reports for the fiscal year and various other reports. 

Roles &amp; Responsibilities: 

Wrote detailed test plans and test cases/test scenarios based on functional specifications and project requirements.   
Tested formulas for various loan, interest calculations, and currency conversions required for reporting purposes.
Tested functionality of interest data issued and gained from different customers by the bank.
Coordinated with developers, Business Analysts, Domain Experts  and project managers to build test cases and scenarios. 
Involved in creating reusable test data ensuring integrity and mapping various modules and requirements in the application for smooth test case execution.
 Logged defects and explained the severity of the defect to the QA lead and developers involved on the project.
Worked with offshore resources as a contact person for the team and module.
Performed Backend testing of the application writing and executing SQL.
Wrote daily statues report, weekly test summery reports and test evaluation reports.
Participated in walkthroughs meetings ,Project status meetings, Requirement analysis and  various other project presentations. 

Environment: 	SQL, PL/SQL, HP Quality Center 8.2,SoapUi Load Runner , MS Excel, MS Word, Oracle 10G, Putty, Toad, JAVA,  HTML, XML, Web Logic


Liberty Mutual, Boston,MA                                                   
QA Analyst  January 2009 - October 2009
The Liberty Mutual insurance  provides personal automobile insurance and other specialty property-casualty insurance and related services throughout the United States.This application was designed to serve direct customers in getting auto insurance quotes online, compare rates with other top competitive companies and marketing the Liberty auto insurance products.

Responsibilities:

Prepared and executed Test Cases manually for different modules according to the SRD, Technical Specification, Functional Design and Use Case documents.
Involved in testing the application manually before automating the desired test cases.
Performed Black Box Testing for functional flow of the applications.
Also involved in the development of test cases for various stages like Smoke, Integration testing, ,Regression testing, User Acceptance Testing, Usability Testing, Beta testing, Performance testing, Sanity testing, Ad-hoc testing.
Executed Quick Test Pro test scripts  and performed  Regression Testing.              
Participated in meetings and walkthroughs.
Tests Cases were designed and managed using Quality Center.
Responsible for reporting bugs to the bug tracking system and verified known bugs against new builds.
The application was tested on databases like Oracle and SQL Server.
Documented various test reports.

Environment: QTP, Quality Center,  VB Script, JavaScript, XML,  MS-Office, SQL, SQL Server, MS Access and Oracle, Web Logic Server ,ASP.Net, HTML, Windows XP.

First Health, Sacramento, CA                                       
QA Analyst / Tester; October 2006 - December 2008
First Health is one of the largest consumer health organizations, offering individuals, employers and Medicare beneficiaries a variety of consumer-driven health care and insurance  products. Specialty operations include behavioral health, dental and vision, life insurance and complete  medical management through its wholly owned subsidiary, Prescription Solutions. Common Portal is a web application; it provides members &amp; providers information, eligibility, benefits, claims, health programs, doctor Information, prescription Information etc.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Performed manual testing, automated testing, defect tracking, resolution of applications and solutions.
Developed Use Cases to highlight different requirements from the SRS (Software Requirement Specification and SDS (Software Design Specification).
Written Test Cases and Performed Manual Testing like Positive testing, negative Testing and Black Box Testing.
Involved in writing comprehensive test plans based on business requirements and technical specifications.
Prepared and developed test cases, test scripts, and test approach documents.
Created test cases and test procedures based on Functional Requirement.
Created tests using recording mode inserting  checkpoints like GUI, Bitmap and Database, to check the behavior of the application.
Involved in Writing Test Plans using Test Director
Performed GUI Test, Functional testing, Smoke testing, Unit testing, User Acceptance testing (UAT) and System testing, 
Involved in testing the Claim processing Data.
Extensive experience with Members/Subscribers, Products, Providers, Claims processing and Billing modules. 
Used Win Runner  for testing the compatibility of the application with different platforms
Defects were tracked, reviewed, analyzed and compared using Test Director.
Worked with developers using Test Director to fix the defects.

Environment: 	Win Runner, Quick test pro, Test Director, Manual Testing, DB2, Java, J2EE, Web Logic Server, JSP, EJB, VB, .Net, XML, Oracle, SQL, Ms Office, Unix and Windows NT/2000/XP










The Golden 1 Credit Union, Sacramento, CA                                      
 Test Engineer; January 2005 - September 2006

The Golden 1 Credit Union is California's leading financial cooperative, and the sixth largest credit union in the U.S. with more than $7 billion in assets and nearly 600,000 members. It has more than 80 branches, 270ATMs and 28,000 network ATMs nationwide. Their online banking application Provides customers various banking needs as fund transfer, bill payment, View statement and loan application etc.

Roles and Responsibilities;

Analyzed Business requirements, Functional Specifications and various ARTIFACTS to develop test cases and Test Scenarios.
Developed use cases for the application.
Executed various scripts using Winrunner for functional &amp; Regression Testing of the applications.
Logged the traced defects in Test Director and created defect summery reports to analyze the defects.
Created various reports for documentation purposes.
Created Traceability matrix between requirements and Test Cases.
Tests were planned and managed using Test Director.
Wrote and executed SQL queries by comparing front developed data with database. 
Performed user acceptance testing, functional testing, integration testing, system testing and database testing.
Participated in walkthroughs and meetings throughout the project.


Environment:: Winrunner, Test Director, WINDOWS NT/2000/XP, ASP, HTML, SQL Server.






  
    ASP.Net
    .Net
  
  
    Ad
  
  
    approach
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    balance
  
  
    banking
  
  
    basic
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    business operations
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    CVS
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    debit
  
  
    decision making
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    EJB
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    GUI
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HTML 4.0
    HTML
  
  
    DB2
    DB2 9.x
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    J2ee
  
  
    Java
    JAVA
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    LINUX
  
  
    Load Runner
  
  
    Logic
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    MS Access 7.0
    MS Access
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    MS Office
    Ms Office
    MS-Office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    98
  
  
    WINDOWS NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MS Word
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle and SQL
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    profit and loss
  
  
    QTP
    Quick Test Professional
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Quest
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    RDBMS
  
  
    recording
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Requirement
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    Software Design
  
  
    Specification
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SQLServer
  
  
    Test Director
  
  
    Toad
  
  
    UDB
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    Usability Testing
  
  
    VB Script
  
  
    View
    view
  
  
    vision
  
  
    VB
  
  
    VM
  
  
    Winrunner
    Win Runner
  
  
    Written
  
  
    XML
  


