
Kevin Glokler 
245 Summit Ave
Rensselaer, NY 12144
Cell Phone (518) 257-2664 
Home Phone (518) 257-2664
E-mail kglokl@nycap.rr.com 

EDUCATION: Attended Hudson Valley Community College. 
Major: Telecommunications Management Courses.

AREA OF KNOWLEDGE: Installation of Telephone equipment, System Testing, System Administration, Trouble shooting hardware and software, access to certain applications, Repair of Video Game Equipment/Monitors. 

COMPUTER: MS Office. ( Excel, Word, Power Point) DOS. Windows 7, XP, 98

RELATED EXPERIENCE: 

01/2000 -11/2010 - IT Consultant 
Adirondack Building Services, East Greenbush,NY 
Collect requirements of the client and process them to plan budget and configuration of systems required in the organization
Understand the client's needs and suggest various options which best suit their requirements and give them optimized results
Provide consulting help on various specialized software packages and explain their efficiency to the client
Highlight strengths and weaknesses of a hardware system or software packages which the client has opted for his organization
Help the client in buying software and hardware products 
Assist in installation of the software and makes sure that the client is satisfied with the products they are using
Documents the installation process and other necessary information for the client's future reference and provide them consulting help whenever necessary


08/25/2002-11/07 - Merchandiser/Service Manager/Route Manager 
Sugarloaf Industries, Albany,NY 
day-to-day supervision of all Merchandisers; 
training,
coaching and motivating existing Merchandisers; 
facilitating an effective training program for all new Merchandisers; 
day-to-day check-ins; 
maintenance of Service Standards 
management communication with Merchandisers and other key personnel. 
equipment repair, 
merchandising, 
Handling of money, 
installing equipment 

11/2001- 06/26/2002- Installer
 Security Integrations Inc., Albany, NY 
Locate and remove or repair circuit defects such as blown fuses or malfunctioning transistors.
Inspect and test electrical systems and equipment to locate and diagnose malfunctions, using visual inspections, testing devices, and computer software.
Refer to schematics and manufacturers' specifications that show connections and provide instructions on how to locate problems.
Splice wires with knives or cutting pliers, and solder connections to fixtures, outlets, and equipment.
Install new fuses, electrical cables, or power sources as required.
Adjust, repair, or replace defective wiring and relays in ignition, lighting, air-conditioning, and safety control systems, using electrician's tools.
Reassemble and test equipment after repairs.
Cut openings and drill holes for fixtures, outlet boxes, and fuse holders, using electric drills and routers.
Maintain equipment service records.
Measure, cut, and install frameworks and conduit to support and connect wiring, control panels, and junction boxes, using hand tools.
Install fixtures, outlets, terminal boards, switches, and wall boxes, using hand tools.
Install electrical equipment such as air-conditioning, heating, or ignition systems and components such as generator brushes and commutators, using hand tools.
Repair or rebuild equipment such as starters, generators, distributors, or door controls, using electrician's tools.
Confer with customers to determine the nature of malfunctions.
Estimate costs of repairs based on parts and labor requirements.
installation of card access readers, 
close circuit TV,
building of DCU's. 

8/2001 - 11/2001- Cable TV Installer 
Diversified Telecommunications, Middlebury, VT 
prepare a subscriber's home for cable reception by connecting the cable system to one or more television sets or to one or more computers for high-speed Internet service. 
explain to subscribers how to operate the cable system and how they can upgrade or downgrade their services. 
Removal of equipment
servicing feeder lines and droplines, 
light troubleshooting work when customers have minor problems with their cable units.
repair amplifiers, cable poles, or lines. 
correct electrical malfunctions occurring in the cable system. 
practice preventive maintenance by electronically scanning the cable system periodically. 

9/2000 - 8/2001 Associate Communications Service Technician 
Lucent Technologies, Albany, NY 
assembly and installation of cable rack, super structure 
installation of relay racks, BDFB bays, DDM 2000's and OC 48 and stingers 
grounding of the equipment and relay racks. 
Responsible for the cable runs and securing of the cable for the equipment to be terminated at both ends including fiber. 
Assembly and testing of coaxial cable,
wire wrapping using the color code. 
Preparation of MOP's to be submitted to the customer before start of the job. 

1995 - 2000- System Security Administrator. 
MetLife, Rensselaer, New York 
setting up access to our Accounts payable system to internal and external users and making sure that they can access different applications. 
Helping out the end users when they did encounter a problem with either system access or desktop problems.  




  
    Accounts payable
  
  
    Assembly
    assembly
  
  
    budget
  
  
    cables
    cable
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    color
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    client
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    DOS
  
  
    driving
  
  
    electrician
  
  
    forms
  
  
    hand tools
  
  
    letters
  
  
    lighting
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    money
  
  
    MS Office
    office
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    Windows 7
  
  
    2000
  
  
    98
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Monitors
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Telephone equipment
  
  
    pick
  
  
    reception
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    routers
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    schematics
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    switches
  
  
    System Administration
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    TV
    television
  
  
    test equipment
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    Trouble shooting
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    Video
  
  
    wiring
  


