
Stephen H. Moore 
319 Summit Forest Drive
Marietta, Georgia, 30068-6067
Telephone: (404) 563-5570
E-mail: shmoore59@me.com
Web Site: www.shmoore.com
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/pub/stephen-moore/12/61b/b79

OBJECTIVE:

Ideally, to make gobs of money for doing as little as possible, preferably with a really fancy title, such as Senior Vice President of Something Or Other.  As that continues to elude me, I am willing to continue working harder than others for mortal wages.  
SUMMARY:
Persuasive, competitive, accomplished project manager with international experience.  I do everything as if I had to sign my name to it and have had more careers than most people will have jobs in their lives.  Highly intelligent, I can be taught anything and will eventually become the "go-to guy."  Excellent written and verbal communications and interpersonal skills combined with military discipline, world-class customer service, extensive computer knowledge and a background in telecommunications engineering enable me to quickly analyze situations, determine the correct course of action and lead teams to the desired outcome.
EMPLOYMENT:

ADT Security, Inc.
Custom Home Security Specialist
Marietta, Georgia
July 2011 to January 2012
Consultative sales for the Custom Homes Division of ADT Security, Inc.  Designed and sold burglary, fire prevention and home automation systems.

Private Duty
Home Health Care Aide
Atlanta, Georgia
January to June 2011
Worked as a home health care aide, providing Certified Nursing Assistant care in a private household.

Fed Ex Office and Print Services
Lead Project Coordinator
Atlanta, Georgia
2005 to 2010

Assured the timely completion and quality control of all production jobs, consultative selling to customers, training of center team members and supervision of staff in the absence of the center manager and assistant manager.  Operated all copiers and printers, binding, cutting, laminating, mounting and other finishing machines, maintained inventory of paper and printing supplies, mastered digital workflow, pre-flighting of documents with Adobe Creative Suite software. 

British Telecom 
Network Capacity Planner 
Atlanta, Georgia
1995 to 2003

Promoted from positions as Works Control Specialist, Implementation Specialist and Implementation Engineer (Frame Relay, Frame Relay Channelized Access and Packet Switching), was the Team Leader of a team of five, who planned and distributed all United States bandwidth for British Telecom (formerly "Concert" and "Concert Management Services"), as well as managing other international projects (such as migration of bandwidth to a new facility in Amsterdam).  Developed the procedures and systems used to plan and allocate millions of dollars worth of bandwidth.










Syncordia Telecommunications
Customer Support Specialist
Atlanta, Georgia
1994 to 1995

As a contractor, promoted above my full-time peers from Customer Service Representative (inbound call center) to Customer Service Specialist in a telecommunications outsourcing support center.  Main customer contact for assigned accounts, including American Express and Hewlett-Packard.  Ensured that Service Level Agreements were being met, resolved customers' outages, escalated cases when necessary and kept customers apprised.

Lenox Square
Assistant Concierge Manager
Atlanta, Georgia
1992 to 1994
Supervised a staff of seven at the Concierge Desk at Lenox Square, at the time the largest shopping mall in the Southeastern United States. 

The Ritz-Carlton Atlanta Hotel
Concierge
Atlanta, Georgia
1991 to 1992
Accommodated guests' business and secretarial needs, made travel arrangements, gave recommendations on dining and leisure activities and supervised the bell staff and coordinated activities with other hotel departments.  Gave world-class customer service.

Roswell Toyota Isuzu
Sales Associate
Alpharetta, Georgia 
1990 to 1991
Sold new and used automobiles. 

US Sprint
National Accounts Customer Support Coordinator
Atlanta, Georgia
1987 to 1990

Resolved service outages for Fortune 500 customers in the Network Operations Department of US Sprint.  
Part of the team, which created the first all-digital telecommunications network in the United States and the first implementation of Signaling System 7.  Assigned accounts included the White House, the United States House of Representatives, the United States Senate, ABC Television, CBS Television, NBC Television, Citicorp, Delta Airlines and Raytheon.  Travelled to customer sites to make presentations.  Assigned to tum around "cancel threat" accounts. 

US West Information Systems
Contract Administrator
Atlanta, Georgia
1986 to 1987

Administered service contracts in the Accounts Receivable department of a former regional telephone company.

MCI Communications
Toll Fraud Investigator
Atlanta, Georgia
1985 to 1986

As a result of my hard work in telemarketing, was promoted to the position of Toll Fraud Investigator.  Working with counterparts in the Information Technology and Legal departments, developed the procedures for investigating cases of large-scale toll fraud (cases which cost the company more than $ 100,000).  Because of that success, was tasked with performing an audit of the internal and external telephone accounts for the Southeastern Division, which saved the company several hundred thousand dollars more.



	

Siemens Communications Systems, Inc.
Technical Translation Consultant
Boca Raton, Florida
1985
Translated technical, engineering and business documents pertaining to the Saturn PBX project from German into English.

The United States Army
Interrogator I Translator
Senior Assistant to the ODCSI USAREUR Liaison Officer
Munich, Germany
1977 to 1984

One of three German-language military personnel at a strategic interrogation unit (most interrogators were Department of the Army civilians) in Munich, Germany, who debriefed and provided extensive written reports of the experiences of Soviet Bloc refugees resettling to the West. Debriefed refugees, translated open-source publications and intelligence reports on classified topics used by senior military and government officials worldwide and instructed apprentice interrogator/translators.  As senior assistant to the ODCSI USAREUR (Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, United States Army Europe) Liaison Officer at the American Consulate General in Munich, Federal Republic of Germany (the liaison officer between U.S. Military Intelligence and the West Germany Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst), helped coordinate intelligence matters with West German intelligence agencies. 
EDUCATION:
1993 -1994 	Georgia State University Atlanta, Georgia 			Japanese 
1979 -1984 	University of Maryland Munich Campus 			German 

1978 		Defense Language Institute Foreign Language Center 	German
		Presidio of Monterey, California 
 
1977		United States Army Intelligence Center and Schools		Basic Interrogation
		Fort Huachuca, Arizona
TRAINING:

Received Certified Nursing Assistant training and Patient Care Technician training at Covenant CNA School in Atlanta, Georgia in 2010.  Attended numerous technical training classes (N.E.T. IDNX - Intelligent Digital Network Cross-Connect and Promina 200/400/800 Overview, Software &amp; Configuration, Hekimian REACT 2001, Tadiran T::DAX SOH) and Microsoft training (Access, Excel, Project and Word) in the telecommunications industry, various System Builder classes while self-employed as a system builder and Adobe Photoshop and photography classes in the course of running my photography business. attended numerous training classes in digital printing and design at FedEx Office.  Skilled at Microsoft FrontPage and have been building web sites since 1995.  
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS, MEMBERSHIPS AND AFFILIATIONS:

Certified as a Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA) by the Georgia Nurse Aid Registry.  Certified in Heartsaver&#174; First Aid and Healthcare Provider Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation by the American Heart Association.  Certified as a phlebotomist and EKG (Electrocardiogram) technician by the American Phlebotomy Association.  AcartaverHearcredited by the Atlanta Association of Interpreters and Translators (AAlT) and the American Web for International Languages (AWIL), for translation from German into English. Was a member of the board of both organizations.  Member of the Defense Language Institute Alumni &amp; Friends Community (DLIAFC). Past member of the Microsoft System Builders Program, the National Association of System Builders and Integrators (NASBA), the National Association of Photoshop Professionals (NAPP) and the Marietta Kiwanis Club.  Past Emerging Photographer member of the Advertising Photographers of America (APA) - Atlanta. Held a Secret security clearance during my service in the U.S. Army. 
KEYWORD SUMMARY:
accounts receivable, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Apple computers, call center, cameras, capacity planning, Certified EKG Technician, Certified Nursing Assistant, Certified Patient Care Technician, Certified Phlebotomist, computers, concierge, consultative sales, CPR, customer support, digital prepress, digital SLR, digital technology, digital workflow, documentation, editorial, EKG technician, engineering, Excel, finishing, fire prevention, first aid, German language, guitar, healthcare, HTML, implementation, information technology, investigation, invoicing, large format printing, liaison, interrogation, management, Microsoft Office, military intelligence, national accounts, personal computers, phlebotomy, phone support, photography, Powerpoint, printing, problem solving, procedures, project coordination, project management, reporting, research, sales, scheduling, security, secret security clearance, shipping, supervision, system building, tech support, telecommunications, telemarketing, toll fraud investigation, training, translation, web site building, Windows, Word, writing



  
    Accounts Receivable
    accounts receivable
  
  
    ABC
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Advertising
  
  
    Apple computers
  
  
    Army
  
  
    assistant manager
  
  
    automation
  
  
    automobiles
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    call center
  
  
    capacity planning
  
  
    CNA
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    Customer Service Specialist
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    editorial
  
  
    English
  
  
    features
  
  
    first aid
  
  
    Frame Relay
  
  
    Microsoft FrontPage
  
  
    German
  
  
    government
  
  
    guitar
  
  
    phone support
  
  
    Hewlett-Packard
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    IDNX
  
  
    Adobe Illustrator
  
  
    Adobe InDesign
  
  
    Information Technology
    information technology
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Team Leader
  
  
    Legal
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    Office
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Word
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    Nursing
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    phlebotomy
  
  
    copiers
  
  
    photography
    cameras
  
  
    prepress
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    printers
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    project management
    project coordination
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    Express
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    secretarial
  
  
    security clearance
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    Service Level Agreements
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    System Builder
    system builder
  
  
    tech support
  
  
    technical training
  
  
    Technician
    technician
  
  
    telecommunications
    Telecom
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Television
  
  
    translation
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    web site
    web sites
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    written
  


