
Jessica Lauren Gildea
jlgildea@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE: To obtain a position as a Records Manager in the northern California region 

EDUCATION
Villanova University, Villanova, PA (2006)
Bachelor of Liberal Arts in Political Science
Environmental Studies Concentration &amp; Philosophy Minor
GPA: 3.3/4.0 overall

ACTIVITIES/AWARDS
National Society of Collegiate Scholars
Student Government Association Representative (2000-2005)
Resident Student Association President (2002-2003)
Crew (2002-2003)
Performance Improvement Award - Booz Allen Hamilton (2010)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Booz Allen Hamilton 	    		  			           	        Philadelphia, PA
Consultant (2008-11)
Provide records management support to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  Communicate with clients daily to identify evolving needs and outline areas to improve current record center processes and operations.  Support clients by maintaining and locating confidential company reports.  Deliver presentations to train clients on how to operate the Superfund Document Management System (SDMS).  
Rutgers University								                Camden, NJ
Referendum Coordinator (2007)
Hired, trained and managed students who oversaw referendum voting process for university's reinstatement of the student-run Public Interest Research Group.  Organized staff and administered voting process to ensure a professional and fair election. 
Philadelphia Business Journal						        Philadelphia, PA
Customer Service Representative &amp; Circulation Coordinator (2006-07)
Responded to staff and public communications such as orders, policies, and service-related issues - newspaper circulation of 12,500 customers.  Maintained statistical data for weekly record keeping and biannual reporting.  Represented Journal at various events throughout Philadelphia region.   

Vantage Communications							             Newtown, PA	
Sales Representative (2006)
Contacted potential customers via cold calling and email marketing techniques.  Delivered online presentations of software to educational staff and officials across the eastern United States.  Closed over 70% of demonstrations and generated 40k in sales within first three months.




  
    administrative
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    cold calling
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Document Management
  
  
    email
  
  
    filing
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    legal
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Office
  
  
    newspaper
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    record keeping
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    shipping
  


