
William F. Gilreath
1702 Provost Circle
Picayune, MS 39466-2830
(601) 798-0343
will@williamgilreath.com (preferred contact)

OBJECTIVE: A challenging permanent position as a software developer. 

EXPERIENCE:  

Software Engineer/Developer                           	Jun 2006 - Nov 2006
Planning Systems Inc., Stennis Space Center, MS

Administration of information database on MySQL database of sensor/buoy data on Linux server system.
Developed and maintained Java application library for database management utilizing JDBC database driver.
Wrote data population application with Java and shell scripts to import and export raw data from the database system.
Assisted in improvement and verification of documentation presented on the intranet used by other scientists and software developers.
Consulted in the development of a XML-based message software service project implemented in Java.

Technical Author (independent)       			    	Mar 2002 - Feb 2003
Springer-Verlag

Lead author on computer architecture book, with Dr. Phillip A. Laplante, "Computer Architecture: A Minimalist Perspective," published March 2003, ISBN 1-4020-7416-6. Book website: http://www.caamp.info.
Researched the technical material relating to computer architecture and engineering for the text.
Created tables, diagrams, and visual aides for book chapters illustrating concepts and principles relating to computer architecture.
Developed chapter questions and exercises as means to assess level of understanding and comprehension of material.
Created example programs in C programming language, assembly language to demonstrate computer architecture principles.

Java Developer/Consultant                                 Feb 2002 - Jun 2002
J.R. Simplot, Boise, ID

Mentored software engineers by hands-on training with Java and the object-oriented paradigm.
Rewrote and translated existing code to Java for several in house applications.
Developed in conjunction with other developers a Java applet for interactive data visualization.
Authored reference documentation for training and education with Java and the object-oriented paradigm using UML.

Software/Firmware Engineer 	                            Mar 2001 - Feb 2002
Hewlett-Packard/Adecco Technical, Boise, ID
              
Build, install, administer, and maintain Apache web server for internal web tools and utilities.
Build printer firmware and debug failed builds on a distributed build system using C++.
Investigate and assist in debugging scripts, utilities, and tools in C/C++, UNIX shell, Perl script, and JavaScript.
Worked and developed embedded C source as part of printer firmware package.
Assisted in development of HTML forms, web pages, CGI scripts, JavaScript for internal web tools.
Maintenance, testing of software documentation and development tools in C/C++ in UNIX.

Software Engineer			             	       Jun 1999 - Nov 2000
Micron Technology, Inc., Boise ID

Developer for manufacturing data communication system and internal middleware library using TCP/IP and UDP protocols in C++ for Unix/Windows.
Developed and assisted in database development on Oracle, Sybase in PL/SQL and Transact SQL.
Code maintenance, revision and support for existing legacy software in C/C++ on Windows, UNIX systems.
Assisted in assessing and planning requirements for application programming interfaces relating to SOAP and XML based software.
Developed regression test suites for software applications and utilities in C++ using distributed middleware messaging.
Instructor for introductory class in XML and XML application library in C++. 
Developed, debugged, documented, and maintained XML parser in C++ 
Maintain and update C++ server software running on Windows NT platform as service.

EDUCATION:	  

Bachelors of Science in Computer Science 
Mississippi State University, Starkville, MS.

REFERENCES: 

	Available upon request.	  	  





  
    Apache web server
  
  
    assembly language
  
  
    book
    Book
  
  
    C
    C programming
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CGI scripts
  
  
    database management
    database
  
  
    database development
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    embedded C
  
  
    forms
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    http
  
  
    Instructor
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows NT
  
  
    middleware
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    object-oriented
  
  
    object-oriented programming
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    page
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    printer
  
  
    programming
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    scripts
    script
    shell scripts
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    software documentation
  
  
    Sybase
  
  
    tables
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Transact SQL
  
  
    UML
  
  
    UNIX
    Unix
  
  
    UNIX shell
  
  
    utilities
  
  
    website
    web pages
  
  
    author
  
  
    XML
  


