
ANDREW YEH
Address: 551 Colorado Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94306 * Phone: 650-450-3059 * Email: ayeh@stanfordalumni.org

PROFILE	Extensive experience developing highly scalable web applications from back end to front end with a penchant for building fast, simple, and intuitive interfaces.

EXPERIENCE
07/07 - 12/10	Lead Software Engineer, Simply Hired, Mountain View, CA
Led software development of Simply Hired's Advertising System.  Improved performance of many of key processes to increase load capacity of the system.  Drove development of new UI.  Led porting of back end processes and API functionality from PHP to Python.  Manage day to day operations of web hosts, cron hosts, and databases.
Led development of high performance, distributed metric system for aggregating and measuring configurable sets of data points using Python and MySQL.
Helped implement Simply Hired's Facebook Connect feature: extending the Javascript libraries to cache and retrieve user data, and developed API failover mechanisms.
Worked on various sections of the Simply Hired site using PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, and JS, including the job permalink, job trends, salary, local portal, and company pages.

09/06 - Present	Founder, Twiigs.com, http://www.twiigs.com/
Co-founded Twiigs.com with a friend.  Did much of the product design and was also the sole software engineer.  Launched in April 2007.
Developed an online polling site from scratch using LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) technologies.
Used AJAX to make voting and commenting more efficient and dynamic.  Graceful degradation allows voting and commenting to still work with Javascript disabled.
Created a Javascript widget to allow users to add polls to their own websites and blogs.  The widget lets readers of those sites to view the poll, vote, and survey the results without ever leaving the user's site.  It also inherits the formatting and styling of the html element it is placed in, to automatically blend in to the user's site.
Created an OpenSocial polling application for the Glam Developer Network.
The Twiigs polling widget has been used by prominent sites such as washingtonpost.com, evite.com, gofugyourself.com, and britneyspears.com.

03/05 - 06/07	Technical Yahoo!, Yahoo!, Santa Clara, CA
Developed Fraud Moderation system for Yahoo! Auctions, consisting of fraud detection engine and moderation tool for customer care.
Migrated various Auction pages to PHP and updated the registration page to include identity validation.
Developed account verification tool to support the new identity validation system.
Implemented search engine optimizations for Auctions site to increase page ranking.
Helped migrate Yahoo! Real Estate property to PHP.
Work on development of the Real Estate redesign, including the homepage, research and finance sections, and integration with Yahoo! Answers.
Managed and developed content programming of Yahoo! Real Estate for inclusion on Yahoo! Front Page.
Awards: 2007 Webby Award Winner, Real Estate Category, People's Voice Award - Yahoo! Real Estate.

06/02 - 03/05	Research Engineer, Optimal Synthesis, Palo Alto, CA
Developed air traffic simulation and automation tools to test feasibility of automated air traffic management.  Collected data and created analytical software.  Assisted in published reports of research results.
Project SOAR: Extended automated air traffic control simulation, including flight-planning tool, aircraft simulation tool, and air traffic control GUI.  Completely redesigned GUI using OpenGL and C++, implemented simultaneous route generation algorithm for traffic efficiency using C++.
Project FARGO: Created flight deck interface for high precision taxi control.  Architected the software design.  Developed the graphics engine using OpenGL and C++.
Awards: 2006 NASA Group Achievement Award, System Level Integrated Concept Development Team - Project SOAR.

06/00 - 01/01	Software Engineer, Perfect.com, Palo Alto, CA
Helped develop the Exchange Application, a multi-dimensional B2B engine.  Individually designed bidding and offering modules.  Worked at both database and user interface levels using Java, WebObjects, and Oracle.

07/99 - 09/99	Software Developer, RealitySoft, Palo Alto, CA
Developed online property management system using PHP and MySQL.  Administered Apache and MySQL servers on Windows systems. 

OTHER PROJECTS  
04/02 - 06/02	YadaYada, Stanford University
Designed and developed application allowing users to phone their computers to retrieve voicemail, email, appointments, contacts, and web information.
Wrote design documentation and implemented speech recognition using Microsoft's SAPI and data retrieval from Outlook via COM.

07/99 - 08/99	Topple.net, (no longer accessible)
Co-developed an online POP email client using Perl.

EDUCATION
09/98 - 06/02	Stanford University, Stanford, CA
		B.S. in Computer Science, June 2002
		Major Coursework: Assembly, Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, Databases, Graphics, Human-Computer Interaction, Internet Technologies, Operating Systems
		Other Coursework: Economics, Finance, Math, Statistics, Technology Entrepreneurship

09/94 - 06/98	Vintage High School, Napa, CA
		Class Salutatorian, National Merit Finalist



  
    Advertising
  
  
    Apache
  
  
    API
  
  
    Artificial Intelligence
  
  
    Assembly
  
  
    automation tools
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    budget
  
  
    C++
  
  
    homepage
  
  
    COM
    com
  
  
    Concept Development
  
  
    content
  
  
    credit
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer care
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    data processing
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    database
  
  
    product design
  
  
    product development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Driving
  
  
    Economics
  
  
    email
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    Finance
    finance
  
  
    Front Page
  
  
    Graphics
    graphics
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
    html
  
  
    http
  
  
    Internet Technologies
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Javascript
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Math
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Network
  
  
    next
  
  
    OpenGL
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    page
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    processes
  
  
    programming
  
  
    property management
  
  
    Python
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    servers
  
  
    simulation
  
  
    software design
  
  
    software development
  
  
    speech
  
  
    Statistics
  
  
    phone
  
  
    user interface
  
  
    validation
  
  
    view
  
  
    websites
  


