
Gloria Ewing, cont'd.


Gloria M Ewing

CHicago, Illinois 60601
(510) 757-1188  gloria_ewing@msn.com

Summary of qualifications
A former Defense Contract Audit Agency auditor with over twenty years of private industry expertise and notable Government accounting, contract finance and compliance successes.  Strong experience with accounting systems and process improvements with emphasis on Federal contract audit, direct and indirect cost estimating, and FAR/DFARS compliance.  A successful change agent combining problem resolution and training through a total team approach. 

*   Louis Berger Group - Washington, DC					2008 - 2010 
* Interpreted DCAA audit reports and advised senior management of risks and cost impacts of reported &amp; anticipated non-compliances and risks with mishandling DCAA,
* Developed and presented corrective actions plans for proper forward pricing, budgeting, subcontracting and accounting system deficiencies, led team of 5.
*Conducted training for senior management and estimators in proper estimating practices; support documentation, traceability requirements, 
*Trained and supervised cost &amp; pricing ensuring compliance with CAS, FAR, TINA.   
*Developed auditable direct and indirect rates system and corrected bid rates. 
Chief Accountant  
Navistar - International Truck &amp; Engine Corp - Chicago, IL 		  2006 - 2007
A newly formed business unit providing over $1 billion in armored vehicles to the Department of Defense pursuant to the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) program under FAR Part 12 regulations.  The plan to expand business in the Middle East would subject the business segment to full Government audit and require the business unit contracts to become fully CAS covered.  
*Provided leadership on FAR, CAS, cost &amp; pricing and contracts negotiations.  
*Provided strategic decision support by providing new policies &amp; procedures, developed operating budgets and indirect rates as well as direct cost rates for RFPs.
Accomplishments:
Managed team of 9 and
* Corrected faulty configuration of new ERP system by redesigning chart of accounts, GL and project cost modules enabling company to pass accounting system audit. 
* Trained cross functional team of IT, accounting and outside PeopleSoft consultants to design systems to comply with FAR.
Director Government Contracts &amp; Compliance				   
HDR Inc. - Omaha, NE 							2003 - 2005
Ranking number 15 of the top 40 Architecture/Engineering firms HDR was growing and positioning itself for a greater portion of the military market targeting very large contracts Iraq.  
Accomplishments:
* Introduced cradle-to-grave contracting to senior management,
* Developed &amp; trained staffs in multiple offices on timekeeping, estimating, expense reporting and other new policies &amp; procedures ensuring FAR compliance.
*Developed first contract database &amp; integrated with PeopleSoft ERP accounting.
*Designed and conducted mock audits of systems, people and policies.  

Business Manager		   
AccountSoft &amp; Company - Pleasanton, CA  				1993 - 2002
The company provided Government contracts accounting services as well as software evaluation, procurement, installation and configuration of Great Plains, MAS*90, Solomon ERP accounting systems.  Clients included: Bentley Engineering (ENRON), SAIC, MH Chew &amp; Associates, Nutec.
Accomplishments:
*Provided contract closeout services and demonstrated to senior management how their underpriced CPFF contract with NASA resulted in a loss of $2.4 million. 
*Conducted subcontractor audits for compliance pursuant to FAR flow-down rules. 
 Prepared business plan for SBA funding, obtained working capital, handled all financial activities.
* Obtained Certified Woman-owned Small Business from State of California &amp; won set-aside contracts (CA state prisons).
* Prepared cost and technical proposals partnering with Coopers &amp; Lybrand.

Internal Audit Manager
BEI Inc. &amp; Systron Donner-Inertial Guidance - SF, CA             1981-1985 &amp; 1990-1992 
The Precision Systems &amp; Space Division designs and manufactures motion control mechanisms for spacecraft, military aircraft and for military vehicle turret and gun position control.  Rapid corporate expansion during Desert Storm dictated a need for stronger, internal controls and improved financial reporting. 
Accomplishments: 
* Establishing the first Internal Audit Department,
* Defended and won post-award claims of non-compliance with CAS 401 &amp; 405,
* Drove processes necessary for division to pass the CPSR on first go-around.
* Developed 30 + new policies with procedures for multiple offices across the U.S.
Controller/Senior Financial Analyst 
BEI Inc. - Systron Donner, Inertial Division    
A leading designer and manufacturer of both militarized and space versions of electronic components used in avionics, spacecraft and radar tracking.  
*Advisor to all business units in financial matters including strategic planning, cost and pricing of competitive &amp; sole source bids for CPFF, T&amp;M, FFP, IDIQ in the Federal and commercial markets.
*Directed financial statement reporting activities, including month-end closing and preparation of EAC, ETCs &amp; WIP reports.
*Conducted subcontractor audits for FAR, CAS &amp; TINA compliance as appropriate.
*Liaison for all DCAA and DCAS (COTR) activities including fact-findings, pre-award audits, cost and pricing negotiations, floor checks, estimating and accounting systems.
*Responsible for developing forward all pricing rates and negotiations of the FPRA's.
					
Accomplishments:
* Won against DCAA's allegations of CAS 401, 402 &amp; 405 non-compliances, 
* Oversaw development of direct &amp; indirect forward pricing rates &amp; cost estimating of prime and subcontracts for R&amp;D, production units &amp; for repairs and spares proposals.
* Promoted to Senior Financial Analyst then Controller of Inertial Division and later to Internal Audit Director of BEI Electronics mentioned above.


Director of Internal Audit 
URS Corporation - San Mateo, CA 					    1986 - 1990
Established internal audit department to handle internal, external, subcontractor audits, compliance reviews and reporting to senior management and the board. 
Handled all State and local Government contracts and billings audits. 
Monitored compliance with Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Truth in Negotiations Act, and False Claims Act.
Accomplishments:
* Developed cost impact study that disclosed $40 million of unbilled incurred costs.
* Launched a task force that re-cost and billed $6 million on cost plus contracts. 
* Developed best practices to circumvent further under costing and billings. 
* Led FAR/CAS compliance team implementing systems/processes consistent with   strategic plans.


EARLIER CAREER U.S. Department of Defense; Defense contract Audit Agency
		      BP - Alaska (pipeline construction)

EDUCATION:      -DCAA Audit Institute; Memphis, TN.
		     www.dcaa.mil/DCAA_Course_Catalog_10_All.pdf
                        -B.S. Business Administration - Accounting - 40 Units
		       Delta Mu Delta Honors Society - California State University, 
                                   		
MEMBERSHIPS:  -U.S. Equestrian Team (USET); Connemara Pony Society
-National Contracts Management Association (NCMA)
-Women In Defense (WID)/ (NDIA)

OTHER SKILLS:
-ERP systems: PeopleSoft, Oracle, Great Plains, and FASB: SOP 81-1,   GAAP, GAAS, CAS, CASB DS-1, FAR 31.205, and OMB A-133.
 FAR: DFARS (DOD), DEAR (DOE), EPAAR (EPA), NASA-PR (NASA).    

3




  
    accounting
  
  
    accounting systems
  
  
    Agency
  
  
    billings
  
  
    budgeting
    budgets
  
  
    business plan
  
  
    closing
  
  
    com
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    CA
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    Controller
  
  
    cost accounting
  
  
    Clients
  
  
    database
  
  
    decision support
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Financial Analyst
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GL
  
  
    Government
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    local Government
  
  
    Director
  
  
    market
  
  
    radar
  
  
    Navy
  
  
    Negotiations
    negotiations
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    policies
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    PR
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    prime
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Solomon
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    strategic plans
    strategic planning
  


