
Anthony Wilder
16221 Paradise Valley Lane
Morgan Hill, CA 95037
408.779.1150 (home)    408.930.9336 (mobile)
tony@kanduu.com

Leader in Technical &amp; Service Operations Excellence
Technical Operations Management * Customer Service Management
System Engineering  * Mergers &amp; Acquisitions * Call Center * Technical Support
Technical Training * Technical Publications * Leadership
Senior technical operations management leader with extensive experience in delivering outstanding international customer and product support services. Proven ability to lead a diverse set of operational business functions to world-class performance.

Blue Lane Technologies Inc., Cupertino, CA
Senior Director, Service and Support	2005 to 2006
Defined, built and operated services contributing to over 35% of total company revenue. Created a 24x7x365 technical support capability on a shoestring budget. Set-up worldwide publishing operations for Blue Lane's software distribution service, championed company-wide use and integration of SFA/CRM to gain a 360o view of Blue Lane's customers. Managing the IT function, designed and implemented the company's network infrastructure.

Kanduu Consulting, Morgan Hill, CA
Principal	2003 to 2005
Founded a consulting practice that provides multiple services to clients including project management, service operations consulting, web design services, training development, IT services and a host of others. By leveraging industry veterans for specific domain expertise, Kanduu was able to provide a wide variety of high-quality services to its client base.

Packeteer, Inc., Cupertino, CA
Senior Director, Customer Operations	1996 to 2003 
As employee #11 and a member of Packeteer's executive team, drove customer and partner satisfaction throughout the world. Packeteer's outstanding customer support was instrumental in building the customer references needed to attract IPO investors.

Led all service functions including technical &amp; customer support, system engineering, technical training, technical publications, competitive marketing and information technology. Championed the mergers and acquisition effort including the acquisition &amp; integration of Workfire, Inc., a Canadian networking company.
Apple Computer, Inc., Cupertino, CA
Senior Manager, Worldwide Channel Systems	1995 to 1996
P&amp;L responsibility for AppleLink, Apple's $45 million international online information and electronic mail service. Responsible for all aspects of the service including customer service, operations, marketing, engineering, publishing, billing and finance.  Managed an international staff of 46 employees and several large vendors.
Manager, Worldwide AppleLink Operations	1992 to 1995 
Managed all aspects of operations including billing, collections, account administration, content publishing, computer operations, information systems, distribution and customer support.  Produced monthly multi-currency/multilingual invoices for the worldwide subscriber base.  Implemented and maintained an outsourced operations model.
Manager, Testing &amp; Quality Management	1989 to 1992 
Created a software quality assurance organization with a staff of 18 test engineers for a variety of Apple Online Services products.  Also created a configuration management team responsible for configuration management on several platforms.  Dramatically improved time-to-market and software quality of products by aggressively and continuously improving software quality assurance and configuration management processes and methods.
Support Analyst	1988 to 1989
Participated in the development and implementation of Apple's centralized support facility.  In addition, provided direct technical support for applications running on both Macintosh and IBM AS400 systems.
OTHER EXPERIENCE
General Electric TSO, San Jos&#233;, CA	
Software Engineer 	1986 to 1988
Owens-Corning Fiberglas, Santa Clara, CA
Software Engineer	 1984 to 1986
EDUCATION
MBA, San Jos&#233; State University, December 1991
BS Marketing/Computer Science, San Jos&#233; State University, December 1988



  
    Apple
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budget
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    computer operations
  
  
    configuration management
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    datacom
  
  
    designing
  
  
    electronic mail
  
  
    features
  
  
    finance
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    information systems
  
  
    Information Technology
    information technology
  
  
    international sales
  
  
    Macintosh
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    mergers
  
  
    97
  
  
    2000
  
  
    network
    networking
  
  
    processes
  
  
    product management
  
  
    project management
  
  
    publications
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    repairing
  
  
    system engineering
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    technical training
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    training development
  
  
    view
  
  
    web design
  


