
James Teer
14 Otsego Place
 Commack, New York 11725
(631) 357-3672 
JimTeer@optonline.net






Sr. Material /Production Control Planner

Experienced in:
Reviewing sales orders. 
Planning and scheduling jobs through all phases of production to assure on time deliveries. 
Procuring material and expediting purchase orders. 
Using ERP/MRP systems to release work orders to Production and tracking numerous electro and mechanical subassemblies into top level systems. 
Incorporating Engineering change notices and updating bills of material and routings to work orders. 
Interfacing and coordinating with all departments to resolve material and production capacity constraints. 
Tracking top level systems through assembly, test, final inspection to order processing.  
Heavy interface and assistance to Engineering, Production and Test supervisors. 
Maintaining detailed status reports and schedules. 
Working closely with both program managers and the Sales department in order to provide updates on a daily basis. 


Other Skills include:
                
Assisting in product definitions in an engineering and production environment. 
Coordinating first article pieces through engineering into production. 
Knowledge in military and none military component specifications. (RoHS and non RoHS) compliant
Working with all service groups as well as outside sources in both the design and production phases: keeping assembly drawings, bills of material, artwork and schematics up to date. 
Locating substitutions for obsolete parts. 
Checking schematics and assembly drawings for errors before purchasing parts and production. 
Requesting manufacturing and vendor quotes and then placing orders. 
Pricing and estimating cost and labor rates for assemblies from system level down.
ERP/MRP Cost Point, Solomon, BAAN, Microsoft Project and Microsoft office.
Proficient in most manufacturing software programs and office equipment.         


Work History: 

                1994 - 2010                       	Miteq Inc. Hauppauge, N.Y.
                                                                	Job Title: Sr. Material / Production Planner
                                                             	Reason for leaving: Lay Off

                
                1980 - 1989                            	Harris Corporation, Syosset, N.Y.
                                                             	Job Title: Material/Production Planner
                                                              	Reason for leaving: Lay Off


Business Related Education:                                                            

Business Courses at Farmingdale University and CW Post College                                                         
Additional business courses through Harris Corporation and IBM 
Computer courses through De Louis Consultants  



  
    .net  I
  
  
    Air Force
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    BAAN
  
  
    IBM 
Computer
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    Lockheed Martin
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    Microsoft office
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    MRP
  
  
    office equipment
  
  
    Pricing
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    schematics
  
  
    Solomon
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    telephone
  


