
Krishna Thakur MBA, PMP, CSM     
kkthakur@yahoo.com
Personal Mobile: 07739 125 435



PROFILE

An   energetic  professional Software Delivery Manager with over 19+ years experience spanning the education, government, banking, defence, energy and manufacturing industries. Experience in Change, Programme and Project Management using both traditional and Agile methods, including hybrid applications. Certified Scrum Master (CSM) and Project Management Professional (PMP) and highly experienced in establishing the vision and strategy for organizations and then delivering both the business change and IT programmes to meet this goal. Skilled in the implementation of policy, process and procedure to aid and control software delivery.

A hands-on problem solver with a high rate of achievement, driven byn appetite for new challenges and strong desire to be successful in all endeavours. A motivational and inspirational leader of multi-skilled teams who thrives in highly pressurized and challenging working environments.

I am seeking a challenging leadership position in organisations transitioning to Agile methods, particularly using Scrum, Kanban and Scrumban for client-focussed incremental delivery.








ACHIEVEMENTS

Scaled agile to 21 cross-functional Scrum teams (circa 200 people) within a &#163;150 million SAP change portfolio and owned the overall delivery plan for a major &#163;40 million programme throughout the entire Software Delivery Life-Cycle.

Successfully delivered Nation Diploma programme which helped operations to save &#163;5 million. Awarded by Director of IT for success delivery.

Successfully managed hardware and software procurement and effectively managed 7 third-party suppliers. Saved &#163;50K in Database Licensing agreement with Microsoft. This project was nominated for the Government Computing BT Awards for Innovation, 2005.

KEY EXPERIENCE

Programme and Project Management, SAP Customisation and Implementation, Process reengineering (inc. implementation, continuous improvement, cost reduction and efficiency gain), Risk Management, Knowledge Management, MSP &amp; P3O implementations, Governance and Audit. 

Used Version One, Rally, Mingle, Scrum for Team System, AgileZen, MS Project, IBM Rational Portfolio Manager, Cruise Control, Clarity, Quality centre, TFS2010 and visual information radiators .

KEYSKILLS

Agile Experience: Champion in scaling Agile and transitioning from traditional methods to Agile methods. Experienced in Scrum, Extreme Programming, Agile coaching, Agile planning &amp; estimation, Agile Project Management, Software metrics and estimation, Kanban, Scrumban, Facilitation skills, TDD and FDD.

Programme/project life-cycle: Experienced in full delivery life-cycle, financial planning &amp; analysis, management reviews, management reporting, budgeting &amp;forecasting, operational efficiency &amp; profit improvement, revenue recognition, procurement management and risk management. Experienced in SDLC, RUP, PRINCE2, PMBOK, ITIL, Agile and Scrum methods.

Pragmatism: A dynamic, can-do attitude, delivery focused using effective risk mitigation techniques to ensure on-time, in budget and quality deliverables.

Problem Solving: Demonstrated problem solving skills and knowledge of emerging industry practices and provided innovative solutions to persistent problems. Empowering and encouraging teams to think out-of-the-box and promoting them to be innovative. 

Client Management &amp; Teamwork: Experienced in stakeholder management and building long lasting customer relationships by seeking opportunities to increase customer satisfaction. Effectively managed the assessment, tracking, realisation and communication of programme/project benefits, with an understanding of the potential economic and non-economic benefits related to a programme/project. 

Communication: Experienced in preparing board level presentations, can communicate easily with business, peers and direct reports in the language they understand. Able to translate complex ideas into simple language and communicate sensitive information tactfully.


RECENT EXPERIENCE

Programme Manager 
Edexcel (Pearson Education), South Yorkshire, UK (Jul 2007- Jul 2010)
Successfully delivered an &#163;18 million National Diploma Programme and Online coursework and standardisation programme. Managed a portfolio of complex corporate transformation and challenging projects. 

Delivered Programmes within structured environments using RUP and Agile methods with aggressive or fixed timescales against key measures of success.

Produced business case to introduce Agile development methods and presented it to the Director of IT and received approval to implement Agile methods.

Piloted Scrum with a small project and delivered it successfully, later rolling it out to other projects within the programme. 

Worked closely with external Agile consultants and gained valuable experience in pair programming, Scrum, Kanban, Scrumban, Feature Injection, Test Driven Development and Continuous Integration. 

Managed transition from traditional software delivery methods to agile delivery method and implemented good Agile practices.

Experienced in various programme governance processes and implemented quality and audit process reviews to improve consistency across delivery teams. 

Managed programme life cycles from initiation, mandate to implementation including delivery of benefits and management of risks &amp; issues improving productivity and efficiency.

Led international virtual and matrix teams within rapidly changing environments, in a number of locations including EMEA, USA and Australia, building relationships to ensure delivery of common goals.

Demonstrated solid understanding of business processes and responsible for change management,  bid preparation, producing business case, seeking budget approval, planning, and execution.

Managed customer's expectations and reported to senior management and customers at director level, with experience of working in high-profile customer-facing projects.

Built close trusting relationships with executives and stakeholders, managing conflicting priorities and expectations. 

Negotiated and managed third-party offshore relationships to agreed performance targets and service levels, renegotiating existing contracts to reduce cost ensuring return on investment.

From Project Manager progressing to Programme Manager 
Electronics Data Systems (Now Hewlett-Packard), South Yorkshire, UK (Sep 2001 to Jun 2007)
Managed US $23m worth of complex change programme and managed 4 teams of 21 professionals in multiple locations. 

Identified new opportunities which were converted in to full projects later by introducing Agile approaches of Prototyping and Rapid Application Development.

Responsible for estimating, forecasting, budgeting, and tracking financial performance, along with resource and asset management.

Responsible for managing third-party suppliers for product and service selection, fund approval, hardware and software procurement.

Implemented CMMI level 2, Quality Management System and Knowledge Management System.

Delivery Data Centred Migration project and implemented business continuity and disaster recovery plans for Jobcentre Plus.

Worked closely with the disability team with responsibility for managing expectations for high-profile users (ministers and directors).


EDUCATION

Certified Scrum Master - Scrum Alliance Inc., Indianapolis (USA) 

MBA (Finance) - Manchester Business School, Manchester (UK)

Project Management Professional Certification - Project Management Institute (USA) 

Post Graduate Diploma in Sales and Marketing All India Institute of Management Studies, Chennai (India) 

Aeronautics Engineering, Air Force Technical College, Bangalore (India) 

Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics) University of Nagpur, Nagpur (India)  





  
    Agile
    agile
  
  
    asset management
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    budgeting
    budget
  
  
    business case
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    change management
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Delivery
    delivery
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Hewlett-Packard
  
  
    Knowledge Management
  
  
    Director
    director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    MBA
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Migration
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    producing
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    Prototyping
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Management
  
  
    Rapid Application Development
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    RUP
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    stories
  
  
    structured
  
  
    workshops
  


