
Kevin S. Tillery

165 Palisade Dr.    Ellenwood, GA 30294    404.539.0893   tilleryk@yahoo.com


EDUCATION
Graduate Certification Applied Project Management, September 2012
Walden University, Minneapolis, MN

Black Belt Certification, May 2011
Lean Six Sigma
Belmont  University, Nashville, TN

Master of Business Administration, February 2011
Concentration: Supply Chain Management
Ashford  University, Clinton, IA

Bachelor of Science, December 1999
Concentration: Marketing
Southern University, Baton Rouge, LA





technical SKILLS
Proficient in S.A.P.
Six Sigma Black Belt (DMAIC &amp; Lean)
Proficient in Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, Project
Proficient in Manhattan Warehouse Management System
Proficient in Logics Warehouse Management System
Statistical Analysis: Minitab Software v.16
Smartdraw Software
Process Mapping: Visio 200; Value Screen Mapping

EXPERIENCE	
Kenco Logistics Services, Inc., Fort Worth, TX
Inventory Supervisor, February 2008 - November 2008
Moved the company's Inventory Operational Excellence top sheet ranking from last to 5th in the country.
Ended a year-end fiscal audit at -$605.95.
Controlled basic inventory functions using S.A.P.
Cycle counted the warehouse once a week and shipped damage units to Second-Channel customers.
Handled key inventory tasks and monitored for inventory discrepancies.
Supervised the receiving process of  product to ensure that procedures were being followed and that all products were   
               accounted for accurately. 
Monitored the preparation of monthly, annual, and terminal inventory reports.
Planned and implemented activities related to the product and material purchase, inventory control, and shipping/receiving 
        and storage functions.

Kenco Logistics Services, Inc., Fort Worth, TX
Warehouse Supervisor, February 2006 - February 2008
Supervised and trained employees in a high volume FDC warehouse.
Helped to coordinate warehouse start-up in February 2006.
Effectively increased Unit per Man Hour from 17 units to 28 units per lift operator on assigned shift.
Effectively manage staffing and payroll.
Created Corrective Preventive Action Request for a better process of different tasks.
Ensured compliance with all company policies, as well as federal, state, local and OSHA regulations.

Kenco Logistics Services, Inc., Ellenwood, GA
Warehouse Supervisor, March 2004 - February 2006
Supervised and maintained records of employee attendance and performance in a high volume warehouse.
Coordinated activities with other department supervisors.
Assisted in recruiting, hiring, and training of employees on Warehouse System Management (RF, Logics, and SAP).
Helped coordinate two warehouse start-ups in November 2004 and October 2005.
Effectively increased Unit per Man Hour from 13 units to 25 units per lift operator on assigned shift.
Supervised shipping and receiving activities through delegation of manpower and equipment.
Promoted productivity and safety through effective training and constant feedback to employees.
Maintained general warehouse productive standards; cycle counting, scanning, picking LTL, DOT/Hazmat.
Implemented cross training to ensure associates possess a broad base of knowledge and skills.
Motivated and directed personnel to meet or exceed preset error standards and productivity.
Promoted daily objectives and ensure work goals are met in a timely and effective manner.
Ensured compliance with all company policies as well as all federal, state, and local OSHA regulations.
Appraised, coached, and provided disciplinary action to employees when needed. 

Kenco Logistics Services, Inc., Ellenwood, GA
Warehouse Foreman, January 2003 - March 2004
Supervised and trained over 30 employees on warehouse management systems such as RF, Logics, and SAP.
Conducted weekly meetings with employees; Tracked employee hour using punch details.
Maintained UPMH goals.
Loaded, unloaded, and scanned shipments when needed
Reported Inbound and Outbound production to the Operations Manager.

Kenco Logistics Services, Inc., Ellenwood, GA
Computer Operator, January 2002 - January 2003
Activated and delegated work for warehouse employees and tracked daily performance.
Printed labels for scanners during outbound shipments as well as make adjustments to inventory.
Handled discrepancies during shipping process; deleted items off customer invoices.
Ensured will-call pickups were picked correctly; assigned correct trailers to correct routes.
Printed the Bills of Laden for LTL, DTL, and Kenco drivers; Oversaw timelines of LTL load departures.
Adjusted and manipulated inventory using S.A.P.


SKILLS
Advanced written and oral communication, organizational, and analytical skills.
Demonstrates the ability to forge meaningful relationships with executives, stakeholders, and supply chain.
Politically astute &amp; professional
Detail oriented &amp; task driven with determination for success
Non-threatening communicator 
Ability to travel domestic/international 



Honors &amp; Awards
Golden Key International Honour Society



  
    analytical skills
  
  
    basic
  
  
    charts
  
  
    oral communication
  
  
    drivers
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
    inventory control
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Minitab
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    recruiting
  
  
    safety
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scanners
    scanning
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Statistical Analysis
  
  
    supply chain
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    written
  
  
    year-end
  


