
Once you edit your resume, click here to post it on Monster.com. Log in to an existing account or create a new one then upload a saved copy of your resume and make it public for employers to view.  (Double click here to edit this section.)

Rachel C. Dees
2900 El Camino ave. 282
Las Vegas, NV.
RDees@anthem.edu
(702) 883-9960
OBJECTIVE
Dedicated, service-focused professional seeking Lead dental assistant position.
I am a team playing patient orientated dental assistant.
I have excellent leadership skills to bring to the right practice.
I have opened dental offices as a consultant, I have lead as being the EHS chair and I have been the lead for many dental practices.
I have 15 years of dental experience.
I currently am a dental assisting instructor for the best postsecondary accredited schools in Las Vegas.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Dental Assistant EFDA,EFODA,PTDA
12/04 - 6/09, Kaiser Permanente Clackamas Oregon
Dr.Allen's Lead chair assistant.  
I expanded his practice and opened up his door to utilizing specialties that he had skill in like molar endo, full mouth prosth, O.S.
EHS chair .  Documenting all OSHA 3000 and all safety required by OSHA.
 10/04-11/06West Over Dental: Portland, Oregon
 Dr. Adam's Lead Assistant
All required EFDA functions 
High end cosmetic practice
05/02-10/03 Bosten Dental Group Dr. David Ting

I was hired as a consultant to open his offices.
I was the lead assistant.
Ordering supplies.
Training and hiring potential staff.
Also my normal dental assistant duties.
Digital dentrix software.

05/01-05/02 Spring Mt. Dental Dr. Cal Dykes

I worked in a high pace dental clinic.
I became a master in temporary restorations.

07/98-05/01 Kaiser Permanente Dr. Rafia DDS
I was hired as a ortho 3 yrs exp.
I am a well established experienced dental assistant.  I have done every specialty and more. I am sure to become a well needed asset for any practice I become part of.  I believe in patient satisfaction as well as excellent clinical skills.  I work hard as a team player, as well as team leader.  I have excellent anticipation and organization skills.  I am looking forward to meeting the office and showing you what I was born to do.  




  
    consultant
  
  
    educator
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    instructor
  
  
    safety
  
  
    teaching
  


