
Rawn S. Turner

2308 Pittsburg Landing
Mesquite, Texas 75181
 (214) 563-8892 Cell
(469) 726-0796 Home


PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE:
A challenging position that utilizes my Facilities &amp; Project Management experience.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology, Management minor, 
University of North Texas, May 13, 1995

COMPUTER EXPERIENCE:
AutoCAD 2010 LT, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Project, Excel, Word, Adobe Acrobat.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Regus - Project Manager
Responsible for management of the construction and installation of New Development, Expansions and Renovations Projects. Manage the construction team, ensuring that all corporate standards are met.  Works with Design team to develop/enhance Corporate design, construction and installation standards for the field. Ensure that construction projects, methods, and processes are consistent with corporate directives and are within scope of planned business requirements and practices. Ensure that project resources are being optimally utilized. Develop project budgets through planning and forecasting of project requirements using corporate objectives, construction standards and optimum cost effective services.Manage project budgets by working with Construction Project Coordinator continually tracking budget totals, adhering to approved budget and ensuring expenditures are within corporate limits. Work with Technical Managers, Center Management, and Corporate support teams to determine opportunities for enhancing service to the client.
Provide management escalation path for Project related issues. Prepare reports to corporate management levels of weekly/monthly status updates, New Development post-installation for critical issues as needed or required. (9/07 to 11/08)  

Callison - Project Manager  
Main client contact and project manager for retail remodels and new installation projects. Assume primary responsibility for scheduling, planning, and design. Oversee production of working drawings. Implement and monitor the project work plan and coordinate the design and technical efforts of the project team members.  Build and maintain relationships with clients (9/06 to 9/07)

Century Construction - Project Manager  
Responsible for managing rehab/remodeling residential projects. Negotiate contracts with the customer and sub contractors. Spec &amp; order materials for jobs. Prepare bids &amp; budgets for each project. (1/06 to 9/06)  







					Page 2



Fossil - Construction Project Manager  
Responsible for managing multiple new and remodel retail projects from pre &amp; post-deal approval through construction closeout. Manage multiple external vendors simultaneously, including architectural, engineering and general contractor service providers.Ensure that proper materials are delivered to the site/ Generate cost schedule, and quality responsibilities including: project delivery, document management and site control, change management, forecasting/risk analysis, cost and schedule integration and project reporting. Responsible for managing cost, schedule, and quality delivery of projects through project close-out for assigned projects. Actively involved in bid calls and responsible for managing bid/cost negotiations including change orders and landlord charge-backs. (8/04 to 1/06)
															
Fossil - Facilities Supervisor
Manage planning of daily and contractor tasks, building operations, facility engineering, building maintenance and outsourced services. Provide direction to departmental personnel on building facilities systems i.e. electrical, mechanical, HVAC, and EMS. Direct space planning needs, moves, relocations, and reconfigurations. Prepare and maintain master set of facility floor plans. Maintain working knowledge of existing buildings. Manage the flow of work orders and ensure assignments are prioritized and work is completed in a timely manner. Act as the primary liaison with all departments ensuring that services are prompt, responsive, and effective. Manage a staff of eight employees. Responsible for eight hundred and sixty thousand square feet of office and warehouse space.
(7/03 to 8/04)

Fossil - Space Planner
Interact with various users and internal constituencies to achieve consensus on the proposed design solution and implementation process. Participate in the planning for short-term and long-term capital project prioritization and budget development with members of Planning, Budget, and Finance. Participate with the upper level management on decisions relating to the construction of capital projects and their relationship to the physical facilities corporate objectives. Manage the programming and architectural design process to support institutional capital projects. This includes initial translation of program requirements into a space plan, production/coordination of the program translation into a spatial design, development of construction documents, creation and oversight of the project budget, and responsibility for coordination with internal constituencies. Manage outside consultants and vendors related to the project's design development and implementation. Manage building renovation projects that totaled more than five million dollars.
(11/00 to 7/03)

Business Interiors- Project Manager  
Oversees all aspects of furniture installations on major projects, interact closely with sales teams 
And clients, monitors profitability of projects from start to finish. Prepare proposals and budgets.
(3/00 to 11/00)

Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield- Facilities Design Specialist  
Coordinate designs and construction plans with internal departments to ensure that department needs are met and available space is utilized, review and evaluate existing or proposed corporate office space, determine furniture specifications for written bids from contract bids. Provide assistance to management personnel responsible for administering a space allocation policy for lease facilities, coordinate office design and construction activities to ensure correct construction
of offices and placement of furniture equipment, negotiate with outside moving contractors concerning office relocations and vendors regarding modular furniture purchases, repairs, and replacements, maintain an orderly library of floor space, allocation records, modular furniture 
inventory and proportioned office design layouts for current and future planning utilization, ensure all construction, remodeling and/or repair projects are complete and pass inspection, prepare various reports utilizing computer-aided design (CADD) and other software technology, i.e., construction progress, cost and results, occupancy report for finance, drawings for construction and contractors, assist in long range facility planning and space utilization analysis; work with all divisions to ensure optimum use of space in all facilities.
 (11/95 to 3/00)



  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    architectural design
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    budget development
  
  
    budgets
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    change management
  
  
    COMPUTER EXPERIENCE
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    direction
  
  
    document management
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    Finance
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    HVAC
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    managing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Microsoft Outlook
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Works
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    quality
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    retail
  
  
    risk analysis
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    space planning
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    translation
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    written
  


