
Dear sir or madam,

Please consider me for any position for which I am qualified. 
I have an accredited associates' degree in biomedical electronics and I came, very, close to an engineering degree in the seventies. I wrote PID, DDC software in BASIC for municipal waste water treatment. While I was in hospital management classes, I taught AutoCAD, built panels at GE-IS&amp;E and I did cad design work at Rust Engineering on a paper mill. 
I am and I have been a computer scientist for, many years. I have worked on, almost, everything in my life.

Thank you in advance.
Ed O'Neill

Resume - Edward Randall O'Neill - edward_randall@yahoo.com

Education Summary:
  234 hours and 850 quality points for a cumulative QPA of 3.63. 
  Four out of four Dean s lists appearances in BMET courses. 
  BMET class president and representative to the SCAH SGA. 
  240 hours of clinical rotations and other work at the school.
  
Employment:
   Computer scientist - H&amp;M Mechanical - 2003-04 - Commercial HVAC construction.
   180Connect - 2002-03 - Installed HSD CATV and PC broadband for Time Warner.
   Southern Technical College - 1986-87 - AutoCAD,  DOS and drafting instructor.
   CP Group - 1986-01 - BASIC for municipal  waste water and BASIC C-store POSs. 
   Control Southern - 1984-87 - Industrial Process DCS Specialist for Fisher Provox.
   ProMed- 1983 - Biomedical field service and  service sales.
   Hanks Ambulance Service - 1981-82 - EMT attendant, nights and weekends.
   Homewood Fire Department - 1976-81 - On duty as a firefighter and EMT.
   Alabama Home Mortgage - 1974-75 - Resident manager for fifty units.
   Harland Co. - 1973-74 - McAdams Pressman. Printed business checks.
   Birmingham News and Post Herald - 1964-73 - Carrier and assistant manager.

Certifications:
  Fisher Controls Provox Console Maintenance School, May 1984 
  Fisher Controls Provox Maintenance School, February 1984 
  NA Dragger Anesthesia Factory Service School, June 1983 
  Bear Medical Systems Factory Service School, April 1983 
  Biomedical Equipment Technician, UAB SCAH, August 1982 
  Alabama State Fire College Pump School, April 1980 
  Emergency Medical Technician, UAB SCAH, May 1979 
  Firefighter Certification, State of Alabama, June 1977 
  Three, top twenty production lists, Harland, 1973






Education:
University of Alabama at Birmingham,  Natural Science and Math - 1970-76 - Completed three years of coursework in computer science, engineering, chemistry, physics and calculus.

Jefferson State Junior College. Birmingham Alabama - 1977-78 - Completed the Firefighter Training programs and worked full time as a firefighter for the City of Homewood, Alabama.  Also, during this time, I completed my EMT Basic and Advanced Life Saving Courses. 

University of Alabama at Birmingham, Regional Technical Institute, SCAH - 1981-82 - Completed an Accredited Associates' degree in Biomedical Equipment Technology. This course of study included DC and AC Circuits, solid state and digital circuits, computer technology, repair of medical instrumentation, as well as, preventive and predictive maintenance on life support instrumentation.

Glenn Vocational High - Birmingham, Alabama. - 1966-70 - Awarded Diploma in auto shop and body.  Learned automotive electrical systems and auto body repair and painting. It gave me experience in diagnosing problems in starters, ignitions, carburetors, engine timing, alternators and charging systems. I performed automotive repair work at a service station while completing high school. 

Work Experience:
Contractor - CP Group - 1986-present - Originally did PC upgrades, later, scratch wrote, in Turbo BASIC, PC based point of sale terminals for retail, installed and supported these systems throughout the Birmingham area. Installed video security systems for C-stores and Wal*Marts. Developed Quick BASIC PID DDC application software to show real-time operation of valves, pumps, motors, etc. used in polymer mixing and feeding used to treat sludge at municipal water treatment plants throughout the U.S. I preformed AutoCAD design work for six months on a local paper mill for Rust engineering. Installed and serviced security cameras and interfaced commercial electronic systems at C-stores, like touch screens, gas pumps, credit card readers and tare scales. Worked at GE-ISE on the Saturn plant tie line Series 6.

Control Southern - 1984-87 - Industrial Process DCS Specialist for Fisher - Performed electrical and pneumatic installation of Fisher Provox Control Systems at customer sites located throughout the U.S. These were HP based systems and I went to that school there. Also, I was contracted to work as them in New Mexico at the Chino mine and I did a few small jobs at the office as they switched to PC-ATs. They put me on the first AutoCAD system for the IBM PC where I did SCADA and other drawings. Wrote a time keeper program on the Apple and used the  it to upload data to the serial key board on the HP system. They taught me in the warehouse for a few months and then moved me to the Provox. Built valves, pulled parts and did all the bench repairs.

Promed - 1983 - Performed Biomedical field service, service sales and preventive maintenance on Draggers and Bournes Bear Ventilators. They were the state of the art Respiratory Therapy equipment utilizing Doppler flow metering. Also, did operational verification and repair of Coulter Counters, oxygen delivery and blood gas analyzers.

Related experience:
I built additions to my own house in Alabama back in the 1970s. Installed HSD CATV and broadband for Time Warner Cable on a contract basis. I was an instructor at a private two year college providing instruction in drafting, AutoCAD and DOS programming on Windows based computers. I am a computer programmer proficient in Linux, Windows Basic, Visual Basic and other languages and applications. I am experienced in industrial electricity, electronics, hydraulics, pneumatics and mechanics. I have performed computer support and repair for over 25 years.  



  
    Apple
  
  
    art
  
  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    automotive
  
  
    BASIC
    Basic
  
  
    broadband
  
  
    C
  
  
    Cable
  
  
    cad
  
  
    credit
  
  
    DC
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    DOS
  
  
    drafting
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    HP
  
  
    HP system
  
  
    hydraulics
  
  
    instruction
    instructor
  
  
    languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    Quick BASIC
  
  
    office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    mill
  
  
    painting
  
  
    IBM PC
  
  
    cameras
  
  
    physics
  
  
    programmer
    programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    retail
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SCADA
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    Training programs
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    video
  
  
    Visual Basic
  


