
Patricia Menchan cap&#174;
22 Forest Circle #606, Newnan, GA 30265 &#183; (770) 312-1782
patmenchan@gmail.com &#183; linkedin.com/in/patriciamenchan


EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT
Calendar Management &#183; Meeting Planning &#183; Travel Arrangements
Executive Liaison &#183; Confidential Document Creation &#183; Special Projects


PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Certified administrative professional possessing advanced skills in technology, administration, and management.
Dedicated executive assistant demonstrating the ability and the willingness to go "above and beyond".
Well-respected team member adept at coordinating multiple complex, deadline-driven projects.
Proactive, results-oriented achiever with strong organization and planning expertise.
Strong relationship builder with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Executive Assistant to the CEO, Homrich Berg, Atlanta, GA, 2005 to 2009
Support high-profile CEO and senior partners of wealth management firm with assets under management exceeding $1.9 billion.
Recruited to assist COO and subsequently asked to support CEO. Manage and leverage executives' time. Act as liaison between CEO, clients, team members and external executives. Organize multiple calendars and email. Coordinate board meetings. Plan travel itineraries and events. Draft correspondence and respond to inquiries on CEO's behalf. Produce confidential documents. Arrange business, personal and civic activities.
Selected Achievements:
Spearhead company-wide use of client relationship management software, resulting in a 51% increase in efficiency.
Tax forms are distributed 4 times faster after implementation of electronic reporting procedures.
Plan and arrange meeting of a national group of financial advisor CEOs.

Executive Assistant, Egon Zehnder International, Atlanta, GA, 2004 to 2005
Assist principals of management consulting firm specializing in executive search, board consulting and management appraisal.
Act as key client, candidate and team contact. Coordinate worldwide travel arrangements, meetings, teleconferences and videoconferences. Arrange itineraries for visiting consultants. Organize calendars and files. Screen candidates and set-up interviews. Create confidential proposals, candidate profiles and reports. Update proprietary database. Perform internet research.
Selected Achievements:
Serve as the office "PowerPoint Expert".
Pivotal in the collection of overdue accounts.
Plan and oversee office move, including design and build-out of new space.


Office Manager/Executive Assistant to the CEO, CashEdge, Inc., New York, NY, 2000 to 2004
Direct office operations of Inc. 500 provider of online financial applications while providing key support to company CEO.
Recruited to set-up office location of new enterprise founded by former McKinsey partner. Arrange international meetings and travel. Serve as administrative board liaison; organizing board meetings, confidential information and board meeting documents. Oversee purchase of all office assets. Administer user forum and maintain databases. Produce marketing collateral for industry trade shows. Assist central office by providing human resources support. Hire, train and supervise 3 administrative assistants.
Selected Achievements:
Successfully negotiate favorable terms with vendors, lowering operational costs by 35%.
Reduce company travel expenses over 44% by identifying most cost-effective travel consolidator.
Play key role in improving business profitability.

Executive Assistant, McKinsey &amp; Company, New York, NY, 1997 to 2000
Aid senior and junior partners of one of the world's most successful and influential management consulting firms.
Recruited to join firm during contract term. Support member of the McKinsey Advisory Council and member of the Office of the Managing Director. Act as US Executive Assistant to an Asia Office Location Director and members of the Principal Review Committee. Provide superior service to clients and team members. Manage busy calendars and extensive files. Arrange global travel itineraries, meetings and conferences. Produce and distribute confidential reports, letters and proposals. Transcribe voicemail and dictation. Handle special projects and personal affairs.
Selected Achievements:
Co-author administrative procedures manual for staff of 75 assistants.
Create comprehensive paper and electronic information storage and retrieval system.
Direct an annual firm-wide conference.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Howard University, Washington, DC
Political Science Major, English Minor

McKinsey &amp; Company, New York, NY
Business Writing, Editing, Desktop Publishing, Internet Research

SkillPath Seminars, Atlanta, GA
Administrative Assistants Conference

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Outlook
Microsoft Publisher
Microsoft Access
Microsoft Visio
Adobe Acrobat
Lotus Notes

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Administrative Professional&#174;, International Association of Administrative Professionals

Inbound Marketing Certified Professional, Inbound Marketing University

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Member, American Society of Administrative Professionals

Member, Association of Executive and Administrative Professionals

Member, Atlanta Chapter, International Association of Administrative Professionals



  
    administrative
  
  
    Adobe Acrobat
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    Council
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    databases
    database
  
  
    dictation
  
  
    email
  
  
    English
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    freelance
  
  
    human resources
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    management consulting
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    marketing collateral
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    Microsoft Outlook
  
  
    Microsoft PowerPoint
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Publisher
  
  
    Microsoft Visio
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    internet research
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    quality
  
  
    relationship management
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    search engine optimization
  
  
    Tax
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    author
    writer
  


