
Gaetano J.CAMMORATA
17 Hazel Ave, Scituate, Ma. 02066
781-545-6751 (home)
781-414-0073 (cell)
guycamm@hotmail.com


Objective: 
Obtain a position as a Telecommunication  Field Network Engineer/Technician. (Backhaul RF/MW/Wan/Lan /San).


Summary:
I have twenty years experience as a Telecommunications Data Network Engineer, isolating, diagnosing and resolving complex telecommunications and  data communications troubles within  RF/MW/Wan, LAN and San environments.  I have a strong background in the use of complex data circuit testing equipment (Sunrise, JDSU HST-3000 ,T-Berd's, Protocol Analyzers, Finstar) which are utilized to test circuits ranging in speed from 56Kb  to the optical level (OC level). I have also worked with NetCool, Solarwinds, and Cisco CTC.

In addition, I have extensive experience with the project management and implementation of data communication equipment as well as coordinating the efforts of several diverse work groups to accomplish installation projects. 
I have in depth knowledge of central office equipment (DSX panel's repeaters ) etc .and  environments as well as the ability to diagnose complex data circuit issues.  I also have experience with DC power as it relates to powering DC components. I have also used Remedy and Clarify ticketing systems

Other areas of  expertise include protocol analysis TCP/IP, Telnet ,  Ping ,Trace Route ,UDP,  GUI ,  X.25 (ie Sniffer , Wireshark ,Merlin,and F/C traces, T1, T3 and OC3 test equipment ), knowledge of data storage arrays (Clariion, Symmetrix), as well as experience with wireless technologies and project management utilizing Agilent (Lizard and Gator) 1900 and 2110 Megahertz transceivers and receivers.  I also have extensive experience with the installation of  all facets of data communications cables (Rs 232, V.35, Cat 3, Cat5, Cat6, Coax , IF/MW and Fiber optic ) and fiber  distribution panels as well as IDF and MDF's  . I have also worked with the Cisco 2600 series routers as well as 6500 switches .  I  also have extensive  experience  with a variety of Microwave radios and R/F  antenna ,remote access and possess an excellent understanding of backhaul networks ie ( T1,T3,and MW).


Experience:

Global Capacity,Network Engineer                                                    04/08-03/10
                                                                                  
My  responsibilities include analyzing , trouble shooting , and resolving data communication troubles nation wide. The networks dealt with on a day to day basis range from cable/DSL circuit issue ,T1,T3 ,and OC 3 circuits . I was  responsible for identifying the root cause analysis of the network issues and dispatching the correct field force to address these issues . I am also responsible for  following each trouble that I am involved with which would include , working with the field forces to analyze and resolve the issue at hand . Some days I handle as many as ten or twelve different types of issues . I was also responsible ( when necessary) for escalating data network troubles utilizing pre defined escalation  
procedures. In this position I also work on Cisco ONS1540  mutiplexor's and Cisco 2600 series Routers


EnVision Wireless, Field Service Engineer 							11/07-03/08
I am currently responsible for conducting testing which will enable cellular service in various geographic areas.  This testing involves the use of Agilent transceivers and receivers as they pertain to signal degradation.  I am also responsible for coordinating bucket trucks that house Berkeley transmitters and antenna for testing.  I also provide detailed daily reports indicating project status.

Siemens IT Solutions, Customer Engineer							08/07-10/07
In this position, I was responsible for hardware replacement as it relates to failures on EMC Symmetrix data storage arrays.  The replacements involved power supplies, disk drives, batteries, processor boards etc.  I was also responsible for the ordering, delivery and return of the replaced parts.  I would also document the progress of each failure and its resolution.
 
EMC, Newton, MA, Customer Engineer 							01/05- 12/06
My responsibilities included the installation (racking and stacking) and maintenance of various data storage components (Clariion, CX series and Symmetrix), as well as the ordering , implementation, installation , and networking of various switches (Cisco, Brocade, and McData) within San environments for numerous customers.  These responsibilities included: 
Attending customer meetings to ascertain scope of project.
Providing customer with a detailed timeline of project.
Creating detailed reports of project status and progress.
Assisting with site procurement, i.e. verifying power, space and environmental requirements were correct.
Physically installing and networking data storage equipment (Symmetrix, Clariion) at customer sites.
Insuring San equipment (storage arrays and switches) were at current code levels.


Verizon, Boston, MA, Tier II Data Network Engineer/Field 				    1996-2003
I coordinated, installed, networked, and maintained Timeplex T1 and T3 multiplexers, along with the networking of Cisco 2600  routers and 6500 switches.  I was also responsible for the deployment and installation of various CSU/DSU's (IE Txport, Verilink, Datalink, Paradyne etc.) within the New England states.  In this position, I was responsible for the troubleshooting, networking, equipment installation and quality assurance of 100 + data circuits per year.  I demonstrated success in the procurement of current data test equipment for peers, which realized a savings of over $500k.
I also conducted product evaluations and selections to replace legacy equipment, which resulted in the savings of $250k per year and a reduction in available floor space. I also supervised the installation of a Neg-48 power source (batteries) to keep data communications circuits up in the event of a power outages. 

Bell Atlantic, Boston, MA, Tier II /field implementation			1989-1996 
I coordinated, installed, networked, and maintained within the 5 state region, Timeplex T1 and T3 multiplexers, Wellfleet and Cisco routers and switches along with the deployment and installation of various CSU/DSU's (IE Txport, Verilink, Datalink, Paradyne etc.) with an annual savings of $200k.  I assisted with the coordination, construction and implementation of several data communications rooms designed to house data communications which required the interaction and cooperation of various work groups.  I conducted acceptance testing of several T1 and T3 circuits, prior to networking which saved on downtime.  In addition, I was responsible for directing and providing support to field employees in New York, assisting them with the implementation of various types of data communications equipment.

NYNEX, Boston, MA, Systems Specialist							1988-1989
My responsibilities included installing, networking and maintaining all packet switch equipment within New England and New York.  I coordinated a team of field technicians in order to complete this effort in a timely fashion 

NYNEX, Burlington, MA, Data Communications Supervisor					1984-1988
I was responsible for the diagnosis of several problems within the 911/E911 network.  I utilized complex test equipment, and determined that the issues on these circuits were not network related but application related.  I provided test results to vendors who agreed with the results and corrected the software problems resulting in significantly less network downtime.  I was also responsible for testing and diagnosing data communications troubles within the corporate networks with an emphasis on protocol analysis.  This effort resulted in $150k annual savings by isolating inoperative circuits.


Education:
Graduated Cum Laude, Suffolk University, 1979 Bachelor's of Science degree in Political Science and Business.  



  
    cable
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    Cisco routers
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    CSU
  
  
    data communications
  
  
    DC
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    diagnosis
  
  
    directing
  
  
    dispatching
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    DSU
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    fast
  
  
    disk drives
  
  
    IE
  
  
    internet access
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    network
    networking
    networks
  
  
    ONS
  
  
    power supplies
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    Routers
    routers
  
  
    San
  
  
    switches
    switch
  
  
    T1
  
  
    test equipment
  
  
    trouble shooting
    troubleshooting
  


