
Yana Burakovsky, MSc, PMP, OCP

749 Mediterranean Lane, Redwood city, CA,
(650)504-1456 / yana_burakovsky@hotmail.com

Project Manager/Operations Manager 

10+ years of on-time, on-budget project delivery in areas of Version and Software configuration management, Oracle Databases production support, deployment and operations management for complex, large-scale global projects
Main customers: AT&amp;T U-Verse, AT&amp;T Wireless, Deutsche Telecom

Areas of expertise:

Project/Operations Management
with Agile and "Waterfall" methods	Oracle DBA and ADBA
Offshore development	Software Configuration Management	

Technical Project Management	Oracle Products and solutions	Version Management	

Production deployments 	Vendor Management	Delivery Management	

Production support: strategy, planning	Offshore Development	 Defect Management	

Professional Experience
AT&amp;T U-Verse. Products: CRM, OMS, Enabler/Billing 
Defect management
Led 4 teams from different business divisions for planning and implementation of a defect management model for monitoring, forecasting and executive reporting of application defects during pre-production peak periods (~300 defects/day; 5 development teams; 5 different geographical locations; 3 time zones). It was implemented for ATT U-Verse major releases and was one of the key tools in reaching strict ATT quality goals.
Customer Learning Implementation Manager
(Received an official appreciation letter from AT&amp;T for outstanding training support management)
Managed all ATT U-Verse CSR training operations and projects: client relations, strategic planning, training requirements negotiations, environment architecture and hardware, build-outs and delivery.
Negotiated contracts and secured deals. The latest: a multi-million deal with an AT&amp;T business unit.
Led 6 Amdocs teams to deliver and support 5 end-to-end, multi-application production-like training environments and provide customer services according to SLA.
Conversion implementation management
Successfully managed implementation, delivery, and production deployment of application data conversion for major AT&amp;T U-verse products for 5 deployments, according to very strict SLA. 

Amdocs, Inc, Chesterfield, MO and San Jose, CA                        			2005-2010
Manager and Technical Manager of Oracle DBA/ADBA Team for AT&amp;T U-Verse				
ADBA Manager for AT&amp;T U-Verse Production Support &amp; Operations Services (2007-2010)
(Was evaluated among top 2% of division employees for outstanding project results)
Hold dual responsibility as (a) Technical manager (b) ADBA and DBA Project Manager
Planned and established efficient and innovative AT&amp;T U-Verse Database support and operations for 2 applications using Agile Scrum methodology. This led to a long term contract between AT&amp;T and Amdocs that includes the entire Amdocs OSS product suite.
Managed onshore and offshore DB operations and support for Amdocs OSS suite with 10 production and 100+ non-production environments and hundreds of databases.
Participated in all ongoing negotiation of contracts related to AT&amp;T database support.
Managed major AT&amp;T U-Verse and Mobility Database production deployments for entire Amdocs portfolio (5+ deployments per year).
Led design and Implementation of "zero downtime" production database deployment for CRM and decreased production deployment window for other applications in 2+ times.        
Established  and managed multi-site global ADBA team (3 team leaders and 20+ employees) 
DBA and ADBA Manager (2005-2007)
               (Was granted 1 of 4 available Amdocs yearly "Care" awards for outstanding customer care)
As an Oracle DBA Manager, built an ADBA team and gradually established Oracle Database support for hundreds of testing and training environments. The support includes Oracle installation, Oracle patching, backups and recovery, performance tuning, and troubleshooting. 
As an ADBA Manager for U-verse AT&amp;T testing and production databases (from Amdocs' side) led numerous successful AT&amp;T production deployments and application data conversions within short deployment windows.

Amdocs, Israel (2001-2003), Amdocs, Inc, Chesterfield, MO (2003-2005) 		2001-2005 
Oracle DBA and ADBA for Sprint, Deutsche Telecom, CenturyTel. Svyazinvest (Russia's largest telecommunications holding company)
As an Application DBA, consulted with numerous customers such as Deutsche Telecom, Cellcom (Israel) and Svyazinvest (Russia) off- and on-clients' sites regarding Application DBA development tools and procedures.
Worked with customers on architecture, backup strategy and, replication of testing and production Oracle Databases.
Developed ADBA tools and procedures for large and complex Database upgrades to a new development version.
As an DBA, performed Oracle installations, patching, troubleshooting and database and SQL tuning. 

Education and Professional Profile
MSc and BSc in Chemistry (minor in science education) - Kiev State University, Ukraine
Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) - Project Management Institute
Oracle certified professional Certification (OCP) - Oracle, Israel
"Web design" training - Stanford University, CA 
Essential of Business training (MBA curriculum) - UC Berkley Extension, CA
Software Engineering Certification (GPA A) - John Bryce Training Center, Israel
Science and technology - certification in education - Technion, Israel Institute of Technology

Language fluency: excellent speaking, writing and presentation skills in English, Hebrew and Russian  



  
    Agile
  
  
    backup
  
  
    Billing
  
  
    Bryce
  
  
    BSc
  
  
    CA
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Configuration management
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Conversion
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    clients
    client relations
  
  
    customer services
  
  
    customer care
  
  
    version control
  
  
    data conversion
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    English
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Hebrew
  
  
    MBA
  
  
    windows
    window
  
  
    MSc
  
  
    negotiation
    negotiations
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle DBA
    DB
    DBA
    Oracle Database
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    OSS
  
  
    peak
  
  
    presentation skills
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    speaking
  
  
    quality
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Russian
  
  
    SLA
  
  
    Software Engineering
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    telecommunications
    Telecom
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    Web design
  


