
Sheryl McCabe					806 St. Johns Street Cape May, NJ 08204
sherylmccabe@about.me				(201) 341-6972					
Education	
			Drew University, graduated May 2011		
Pan-African Studies major with a Middle Eastern Studies and Writing double minor
			GPA: 3.2

Work Experience	
9/2010 to 6/2011	Museum of Early Trades and Crafts, Madison, NJ
	Curator Intern
	Did research and compiled reports for exhibits using databases, primary sources, newspapers, academic journals and other sources.

9/2007 to 4/2011		Drew U. Newspaper The Acorn 
Editor in Chief
Responsible for all parts of the newspaper, from content to budget. Started to create online presence for the paper, along with radio and public interviews across campus.
Past Positions: Managing Editor, Opinions Editor, Asst. News Editor and Asst. Arts &amp; Leisure Editor

9/2008 to 5/2010	Union Settlement Association, New York, NY
	Tutor
	Tutored middle school-aged children in Spanish Harlem in basic subjects including math, reading and social sciences.

6/2010 to 8/2010	International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation, New York, NY
	Social Networking and Media Intern
Helped the Foundation with increasing their internet presence through different social media including Facebook, twitter and Wikipedia

6/2007 to 8/2007		NYPIRG, New York, NY
			Community Outreach Worker
			Went into communities to inform and educate citizens about public health and 					environmental issues and gain support from them.

Activities
Refugee Egypt, Volunteer 
Traveled to Egypt for 3 weeks to teach health and math at Happy Child preschool, a school for refugee children ages 3 to 6.

Youth Services Opportunities Project, Volunteer
Traveled to Washington, D.C. to learn about the homeless population as well as volunteer with various organizations there. The project was a week long.

Edna Mahan Correctional Facility for Women Inside-Out Program, Student
Participated in a class in which students from Drew University attended classes inside the facility with selected inmates. At the end of the semester, we came up with concepts to redesign the American prison system and sent our ideas to the Federal Bureau of Prisons.

Drew University Semester at the United Nations, Student
Participated in a class in which students learned about the United Nations by attending meetings at the UN headquarters and presentations from representatives from various UN organizations.

Skills
Proficient with the following software: Microsoft Word, Excel, Publisher, Powerpoint; Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Pagemaker, Dreamweaver and Illustrator; Corel Painter; Quark; Wordpress; Quickbooks
Speak Spanish conversationally, read fluently. Working knowledge of Modern Standard Arabic. 
Knowledgeable of and familiar with AP style and non-journalistic styles including MLA, APA and Chicago.
Knowledgeable of HTML and CSS



  
    academic
  
  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Pagemaker
  
  
    AP style
  
  
    Arabic
  
  
    basic
  
  
    bookkeeping
  
  
    budget
  
  
    C
  
  
    content
  
  
    Corel
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    databases
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    filing
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    InDesign
  
  
    journalistic
  
  
    math
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    newspaper
    newspapers
  
  
    Painter
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Quark
  
  
    Quickbooks
  
  
    radio
  
  
    reading
    read
  
  
    research
  
  
    Speak Spanish
    Spanish
  
  
    phone
  


