
Thomas G. Quinn
Milton, GA
678.618.8250
quinngthomas@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/quinngthomas

Highly qualified Chief Financial Officer and strategic leader delivering exceptional results to small and medium sized growth businesses often in challenging operating and financial environments. Talent for proactively identifying and resolving problems with the most up to date solutions -- reversing negative sales trends, controlling costs, automating financial and operating systems, maximizing productivity and delivering multimillion-dollar profit and operating cash flow increases.

AREAS OF PRACTICE:


Chief Financial Officer
Chief Operating Officer
Private Equity
Management &amp; BOD reporting
KPI's &amp; dashboard analytics
Industry, market and competitor analysis
Strategic Planning
Capability/Capacity &amp; Resource modeling
Process improvement &amp; PMO
Forecasting &amp; financial modeling
Business Case support
Legislation and governmental affairs
Transactions: Buy-side/Sell-side
"Road Show" and due-diligence 
Distressed businesses &amp; turnarounds 
Information Technology
Budget preparation
Pricing
Contract Negotiations
Financial Statement reporting
Financial analysis
Government Contracts
Lender relations &amp; reporting
Statistical modeling
Public Accounting
Bid, proposal &amp; procurement
Human Resource, Legal and Administration management
Small - Medium - Large companies 
Audit and Private Equity interface




INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE:


Services
Manufacturing
High Tech - H/W &amp; S/W 

Financial Services
Travel Technology Distribution
Energy Distribution

Healthcare
Insurance
Leasing

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer
LaserCraft, Inc., Norcross, GA [Public Safety Equipment Co.]	2006 - 2010

A Private Equity portfolio company specializing in high technology equipment and back office Services and the Manufacturing of capital equipment and handheld electronics [Automated red light/speed camera enforcement, police laser and GIS survey and mapping devices].

Guided "Road Show" campaign process, financial and operational due diligence and the Private Equity sale transaction to a strategic buyer.
Restructured operations, reduced overhead costs, expanded operational territory from 2 to 7 states and scaled the firm for growth and sale. 
Managed $20M P&amp;L and $4M CAPEX spend, grew Revenue, Margins and EBITDA by 140% and delivered cash flow of $2M during severe economic crisis.
Hired national firm for public relations, government affairs, contracts, and legislation -- opened new territories, sustained markets and mitigated business risk.
Outsourced financing and production of next generation systems realizing manufacturing overhead efficiencies and working capital savings in excess of $0.5M.
Investigated financial shortfalls in key business areas leading to new product technology advancements that increased performance efficiency, slashed back office processing costs, reduced CAPEX investment spend, shortened project timelines and increased customer satisfaction.
Secured BOD approval for multi-million dollar reinvestment strategy to eliminate deficiencies in technology development, service and delivery -- upgraded software architecture to Microsoft.Net, hired an IT development, network and QA team, reduced previous year's on-boarding time requirement from 6 weeks to 10 days and implemented a collocation facility, with security, disaster recovery and load balancing.
Led the organization's re-bid and proposal process for the two largest customers; negotiated the contracts and retained $30M in contracted recurring revenue.

Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
USI EXECUTIVE BENEFITS, Alpharetta, GA [USI Corp.]	2003 - 2006

A NYSE traded diversified insurance and financial services firm providing integrated distribution of general and property/casualty insurance and employee benefits outsourcing and related consulting. 
Managed and concluded a restructure and "liquidity event" - divestiture of the executive and professional benefits division to a third party and transitioned continuing operations within the parent company.
Transformed the revenue model through disaggregation, diversification and commission upgrades, which increased annual recurring revenue by 400%. 
Increased Deal Closure Rate in excess of 250%, tightened Time to Closure improvement of 50% while revamping the revenue and expense-forecasting model for the division. 

Director of Pricing (International and Domestic)
GALILEO INTERNATIONAL, Parsippany, NJ [Parent - Cendant]	2001 - 2002

A NYSE traded global leader in travel distribution, travel information processing, hospitality, car rental and real estate services for individuals and businesses.
						
Guided the enhancement efforts in the areas of Global Strategic Supplier and Subscriber pricing (Americas, EMEA, and Asia-Pacific). 
Appointed division finance lead on implementing new cross-functional initiatives focused on developing value for the division, other business units and the parent corporation through the creation of strategic partnerships with suppliers and customers. 
Directed the development and implementation of accurate and effective global, value-added business and pricing modeling tools, which reduced costs and increased profits. 

Director, Corporate Financial Planning and Operational Analysis 
SUBURBAN PROPANE, L.P., Whippany, NJ 	1997 - 2001

A NYSE traded retail propane and refined petroleum distribution and services provider.      
Managed a $750M P&amp;L and produced the quarterly and annual reporting package and presentations for the Partnership's Board of Directors [Financial, Budget, Capital, Covenants, and GAP Coverage].
Instrumental in reducing public company costs by $10M per year by with the development of analyses, financial models and projections used to successfully conclude the recapitalization of the Partnership.
Reduced the annual budget timeline requirement from 5 months to 2 months by revamping the modeling process utilizing a "Business Plan" approach coupled with robust technology-driven budget models.
Instrumental in the disposition of twenty-three unprofitable and non-strategic locations. The resulting gain on sale coupled with additional financing was used to acquire twenty highly profitable locations. 
Directed the implementation and standardization of a "Critical Statistics" report used in conjunction with the financial statements to review financial performance and operational efficacy by region.
	
Regional Controller, Pompton Nursing Home Suppliers
OMNICARE, Pompton Plains, NJ 	1996 - 1997

A NYSE traded provider of healthcare related services -- Pharmacy, Consulting, IV, DME and Nursing.
Manager of Accounting/New Business Development-Strategic Business Unit Assistant Controller
CIT GROUP [Formerly AT&amp;T Capital Corporation], Parsippany, NJ 	1992 - 1996

A NYSE traded provider of consumer financing, insurance, leasing, small business administration loans, asset-based lending, and structured financing. 
Senior Associate (Audit Practice)
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS, LLP, Stamford, CT 			1988 - 1992

A global public accounting, assurance, tax and advisory services firm.   
                                     

EDUCATION:

B.S. Accounting
University of Scranton, Scranton, PA















			1 of 2



  
    Microsoft.Net
  
  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    approach
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    business administration
  
  
    business management
  
  
    Business Plan
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    consultant
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Controller
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    due diligence
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    Equity
  
  
    finance
    financing
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    Financial Planning
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GIS
  
  
    government
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    laser
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    office
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    network
  
  
    New Business Development
  
  
    next
  
  
    Nursing
  
  
    Operational Analysis
  
  
    camera
  
  
    police
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    QA
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    retail
  
  
    software architecture
  
  
    Statistics
  
  
    strategy
    Strategic
    strategic
  
  
    structured
  
  
    tax
  
  
    unique
  
  
    upgrades
  


