
Abhishek Ghosh	





Flat No 4, 122/5,Ruby Park East, Kolkata: 700078, West Bengal. INDIA
Mobile Phone: +91-8054100974  Home Phone: 033-24413111   avishek_rec@yahoo.co.in  	





Career Pr&#233;cis 	

















Well versed, accomplished Assistant Manager with adept working experience of 6 years within the Oil &amp; Gas / Refinery, excellence in data interpretation, refinery planning and scheduling, performance analysis, product development, quality assurance, relationship management and team management. 

Proven ability to successfully analyze an organization's critical business requirements, identify deficiencies and potential opportunities, and develop innovative / cost effective solutions for enhancing customer service offerings.  Relationship management with key accounts and resolving issues ensuring prompt service deliverables to effect business growth. 

Form quality liaisons and relationships easily, instilling high level of confidence at all. I aspire for a position of Refining Business Analyst to Discover uncovered possibilities within Oil and Gas Supply chain domain.	







Core Competencies 	

















Data Interpretation
Refinery Economics
Refinery Scheduling
Performance Analysis
Product Development


Quality Assurance
Relationship Management 
Team Management
Analytical / Problem Solving Skills
Motivational / Multitasking Skills










Key Achievements	

















Efficiently conceptualized and implemented launch of new software called CWTS (Cargo wise Tank Scheduling).
Skillfully organized and planned facilitating 1000 KT per month of product export from RIL SEZ refinery
Involved in the TQM project (Quality of Life). Achieved in reducing employee attrition rate by 5% by taking several employee welfare initiatives
Developed key performance indicators for different functional areas of business
Played key role in development of planning and scheduling applications at HMEL.	







Career Path	

















Manager	Reliance Industries Limited, Jamnagar	Feb' 07 - June-10	











Engineer	Madras Aluminium Company Limited, Mettur	Jun' 03 - Jun' 05	









Key Responsibilities	

















Entrusted with the role of developing SIMTO scheduling application under MES project at HMEL Bathinda refinery
Played key role in development of Refinery Production planning application
Managing safe and smooth start up of Bathinda refinery.
Played key role in development  and integration of different interfaces with scheduling application under MES project.
Responsible for the activities associated with multi product scheduling comprising of middle distillates including high speed diesel and aviation turbine fuel  for both refineries at Ril  Jamnagar
Assessing market potential of products in different regions.
Proficient in using PIMS for generating and analyzing monthly and annual business plan for the organization
Conducting refinery performance analysis and monitoring market including evaluating price movements of different refinery products, demand centre for products and assessing market opportunities.		
In charge for the operations linked with maintenance of optimum inventory level of finished product and intermediates by proper management of facilities and resources.
Performing continuous economic studies on refinery stream optimization thereby evaluating right product mix
Handled various SCM tools including PIMS,IMPRESS,Shell blender toolkit and Crude Assay Manager.
Monitoring the management and facilitating of timely evacuation of product thereby minimizing any economic implication on account of demurrage.
Managed the man and material handling, ensuring the day-to-day targets are met within stipulated time, product quality control and taking corrective actions for deviations.	







Projects Completed	

















Client Name	Haldia Petrochemicals Limited	



Project Title / Name	Market study for benzene and butadiene derivatives	



Project Duration	June,2006-August-2006	



Project Location	Kolkata	











Project Description	





Benzene and butadiene are major petrochemical products which are produced along with ethylene and propylene in a petrochemical plant. This project gives a brief description of the major derivatives produced from benzene and butadiene their manufacturing process, feedstock used to produce these derivatives. Project also gives outline of major market producer of these derivatives, demand supply scenario.










Education 	

















Master of Business Administrations - Oil and Gas management
University of Petroleum &amp; Energy Studies	2007	











Bachelor of Engineering - Chemical Engineering
Regional Engineering College, Durgapur	2003	









Technical Skills	

















Category	Software / Tool / Technology	Proficiency	













Operating Systems 	Windows XP 	Proficient 	













Office Tools 	Ms Office Applications 	Proficient	

















Trainings / Seminars Attended	

















Attended seminar on natural gas scenario-natural gas demand supply balance, natural gas pricing mechanism.
University of Petroleum&amp; Energy Studies, Dehradun	2006	











Attended one week seminar  on international oil trading and risk management
Reliance Industries Limited, Invincible Energy, Mumbai	2007	











Attended one week Leadership Development Programme 
Reliance Industries Limited, Skills &amp; Training, Mumbai	2007	




Attended three weeks Training Programme on Refining Technology
Indian Institute of Petroleum,Dehradun

Attended one weeksTraining Programme on PIMS,SIMTO and Crude Manager         application
HPCL Mittal Energy Limited,Noida




2009


2010	









Personal Details	

















Date Of Birth	19th January'1981	



Marital Status	Married	



Languages Known	English, Hindi, Bengali and Tamil	



Nationality	Indian 	



Passport Details	Available	



Personal Interests	Reading, Cooking, traveling.	



Address	Flat No: 4, 122/5 Ruby Park East, Kolkata- 700078, West Bengal
# 918054100974	







References	

















Will be furnished upon request.		




  
    balance
  
  
    business plan
  
  
    Client
  
  
    derivatives
  
  
    English
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Leadership Development
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Market
    market
  
  
    MES
  
  
    Office
    Ms Office Applications
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    natural gas
  
  
    oil
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    performance analysis
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    producer
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Seminars
  
  
    Shell
  


