
ERIC J. JONES	                                                                                                                                                    Page 3
(770) 789-5979	 	                                                                                                                         biznuss@att.net
ERIC J. JONES
870 Tidwell Rd.		                                                                                                                     
Alpharetta, GA 30004                   LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/2010ericjones          
Phone: (770) 789-5979
Email: biznuss@att.net                 

SENIOR MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE IN INTERNATIONAL
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  MARKETING  PRODUCT MANAGEMENT 

Business savvy and results-oriented global business development strategist with 20+ years in marketing, product management, brand management, and new business development for key leading companies in various hi-tech industries.  Extensive experience in product marketing management, go-to-market management, project management, product realization and business analytics, new business start-up, internet marketing, new market penetration and global market expansion. Skilled in delivering captivating global products, services, and solutions capable of growing immense revenue and profitability for organizations. Intuitive leader with ability to analyze situations from various perspectives, assess needs and build cohesive virtual and cross-functional teams to execute performance-improving marketing and sales solutions. Enthusiastic problem solver with business acumen to streamline operations, drive performance, reduce costs, spearhead business strategies and transform organizations through utilization of human capital and emerging technologies. Bilingual in Spanish. Willing to relocate and travel up to 75%. 

International Marketing &amp; Business Development  Global Product Management  Go-To-Market Management  Vendor Management  New Business &amp; Organizational Startup  Global Project Management 
Foreign Market Penetration &amp; Growth  Customer Relationship Management 
Strategic Planning  Staff Management  Training  Negotiation  Procurement 


KEY CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Spearheaded Nokia's accessory division's business, marketing, and product management efforts among all North American leading wireless service providers proving to ne instrumental to Nokia in gaining $25M+ in new business and winning multiple industry product innovation awards.
Successfully directed the product marketing, launch, and Go-to-Market activities at AT&amp;T for the launch of their prepaid mobile voice and data service, earning 1st year sales revenues of $163.7M+.
Effectivley led product management and marketing responsibilities, customer and vendor contract negotiations, and directed Go-to-Market activities for the development and launch of a prepaid mobile platform sold in over 60 countries while on assignment as a U.S. expatriate managing a 3rd party software vendor in South America. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Consultant for AT&amp;T's diverse and emerging segments marketing group, responsible for managing the internet, social media, and direct mail marketing and sales for the U.S. military, people with disabilities, and the aging population. Duties include research and analysis of these segments, making recommendations on how to best market and sell to these segments, and the creation and execution of marketing plans for these segments. Additional responsibilities include driving the performance management and direction of all the 360 degree touchpoint agencies, inclusive of all creative agencies as well as execution, tracking, &amp; activation agencies. 

Southern Digital Solutions, Cumming, GA
          2009 - 2011
Director, Marketing &amp; Business Development 
Started-up business development, sales and marketing for this state-of-the-art, mobile multimedia content provider aimed at catapulting multimedia advertising and digital publications to the next level. 
Masterfully forged strategic partnerships and key client relationships including NAVTEQ, Georgia Institute of Technology, GetFugu, AdMob, Xlibris, The PGA Tour, Intercontinental Hotels Group, Hilton, multiple government agencies and more. Complete distinguished client portfolio encompasses entertainment, healthcare, professional sports, academia, hotels and resorts, realty, and national parks.
Crafted first of its kind proposals to push technology into new industry spheres including multimedia content for mobile internet applications, and creating new business concepts within digital media publishing. Introduced location-based advertising, mobile website development, search engine optimization, and social media aggregation into product portfolio as part of the company offer strategy.



NOKIA, INC., Helsinki, Finland
            2006 -2009
Senior Manager, Business &amp; Operational Excellence (Latin America &amp; Brazil) - Miami, FL    2008 - 2009
Promoted for delivery of positive business results to spearhead a cross-functional international organization tasked with strategically aligning the sales, marketing, and go-to-market efforts for all Nokia devices and applications offered throughout the $2B+ Latin American and Brazilian business units. Multifaceted accountability which improved customer loyalty programs and customer relationships, drove business process improvements, streamlined sales and marketing operations, and improved client retention rates and sales performance improvement.                              
Led a global product and service quality improvement team, aiding global growth in customer satisfaction and growing Latin American and Brazilian customer satisfaction and retention rates by 2.7% and 4.5% respectively.
Successfully improved external and internal state of business scorecards by internal consultation for SAP business management systems and improving current state of internal business measurements to include training; productivity; communication flow; forecasting, sales performance reporting; and revenue reporting.

Business Development Manager (North America Major Customer Collaboration) - Atlanta, GA, 2006 - 2008
Directed  new business development and product management of key products for Nokia's North American accessory and new products business unit generating $25M+ in new sales. Leading responsibilities included client needs assessment; marketing and sales strategy; field training; pricing; and revenue reporting; and overall management of Nokia.com (North America).
Instrumental in assisting to earn Nokia's first CES Innovations and Design Engineering Award for the accessories category by communicating and managing customers' direct input for requirements and enhancements in collaboration with the global marketing and product management teams.
Promoted to manage a business development team of six while creating the business and product strategy and managing all marketing and sales operations for securing new business engagements and improving revenue amongst installed customer base.


AT&amp;T (CINGULAR WIRELESS), Atlanta, GA
            2003 -2006
Marketing Manager (Direct and Indirect Retail) 2005 - 2006
Recognized retail marketing leader, overseeing multiple marketing launches of innovative mobile devices, services, and applications. Additionally guided and supported direct and indirect sales, becoming a leader in multiple national sales categories via facilitation and oversight of go-to-market activities; new product and services training; pricing; forecasting; negotiations; retail merchandising; and program measurement.
Significantly boosted sales and profitability through creative design and implementation of sales incentive and advertising programs and strategic negotiation of MDF and cooperative marketing ventures with key vendors.
Consistently achieved top national sales by deployment of creative and instructive go-to-market strategies.

Product Manager (Prepaid Marketing) 2003 - 2005
Spearheaded product realization, go-to-market, national launch, and ongoing marketing activities for AT&amp;T GoPhone Pay-As-You-Go and all prepaid multimedia application service offerings (i.e. Internet Browsing; Premium Content; Instant Messaging; Email and Multimedia Services) for prepaid wireless consumers. 
Successfully managed all brand and marketing activities for the AT&amp;T GoPhone data applications and Pay-As-You-Go (rated the top brand in its product category), for which both products continue earning annual revenues in excess of $1B+.


IP UNITY (GLENAYRE), Atlanta, GA
2000 -2003
Product Manager (3rd Party Products &amp; Strategic Alliances)
Orchestrated business and technical relationships, product development, product management, and marketing of 3G telecommunication technologies, inclusive of a successful expatriate assignment managing all business aspects with a 3rd party software development company based in Sanitago, Chile. 
Managed 3rd party products, services, and business strategy for numerous software/hardware, voice and data products sold to 200+ service providers and supporting 52+M end-user customers in 60+ countries.

 


Career Note: 
MOTOROLA, INC. Schaumburg, IL							            1994 -2000 
Project Manager for Consumer Products Marketing 
3rd Tier Support Technician for Consumer Products Customer Support
Production Manager for Mobile Devices Manufacturing



EDUCATION, CERTIFICATION, &amp; PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
MBA Coursework, KENNESAW STATE UNIVERSITY 
BS - Industrial Management &amp; Engineering Technology, NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY
Solutions Selling Certification, IBM
Project Management Professional (PMP) Coursework, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY
Six Sigma Course Instructor, MOTOROLA UNIVERSITY

Affiliations: Association of Strategic Alliance Professionals, South Regional Vice President; GA Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, Board of Directors; and Project Management Institute (PMI)  



  
    3G
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    art
  
  
    business development
  
  
    business management
  
  
    business process
  
  
    business strategy
  
  
    com
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    consultation
  
  
    content
    Content
  
  
    creative design
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    product development
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    direction
  
  
    driving
  
  
    Email
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Instructor
  
  
    internet applications
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing plans
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    Messaging
  
  
    MOTOROLA
  
  
    Multimedia
    multimedia
  
  
    needs assessment
  
  
    negotiation
    negotiations
  
  
    new business development
  
  
    next
  
  
    performance management
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    product management
  
  
    Production Manager
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    publications
  
  
    quality improvement
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    research
  
  
    retail
  
  
    Selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    search engine optimization
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    software development
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    Strategic Alliances
  
  
    telecommunication
  
  
    voice and data
  
  
    website development
  


