
Gabby K. W. Chan
Austin , TX 78717
 Cell: (408)828-9931, changabby@yahoo.com

Product Management leader with 15+ years of total experience in product marketing and program management and specializing in new product introduction, product life cycle management, managing budgets and growing revenues. Proven record of delivering innovative, quality products on time, one of which - Wireless Security Switch won the SUPERQUEST Award at SUPERCOMM 2003. 
Direct experience in establishing strong Strategic Partnerships - Aruba Networks, HP and Checkpoint
Excellent marketing, finance and presentation skills
Vendor determination and contract pricing negotiation.
Developed solution from concept to market. Extensive experience in portfolio development, competitive market intelligence, go-to-market strategy and time-to-market management.
 Experienced in prioritizing features and resource tradeoffs.
Six Sigma


Accomplishments
NORTEL NETWORKS, Santa Clara, CA				                2000 - 2009 
Senior Manager, Global Operations
Established a dedicated cross-functional (Operations/ IT/ Marketing/ Sales/ Finance/ Legal) team from ground up to rapidly stabilize key customer accounts and suppliers after Nortel's bankruptcy protection announcement:
Launched stabilization strategies to drive rapid resolution to customer and supplier disruptions.
Built and led a results oriented organization to deliver compelling process strategy and solutions within Nortel:
Enforced Six Sigma PMCS for all top priority processes. 
Drove automated processes to more efficiently gather customer network inventory data in support of the 4Cs.


Senior Product Introduction Leader- Security, Virtualization and Wireless LAN Portfolio
Developed and implemented standard global processes for new products introduction.
Established design criteria to maximize quality, instability, supportability and serviceability for all new products.
Planned all product introduction activities and integrated plans into the master project schedule. 
Approved business cases and tracked budgets.

Product Line Manager- Alteon Security Management Solutions &amp; WLAN
Developed business strategy for Alteon Security Management Solutions &amp; WLAN portfolio and delivered 35% y/y growth for through successful marketing launches 
Generated MRD and PRD to define market segment, product vision, design concepts and go-to-market strategy
Stimulated sales by leveraging branding and AR/PR events, performing product demo and presentation. 
Performed market research and competitive analysis to determine the appropriate positioning. 
Determined phasing and timeframes for delivery. Managed product lifecycle management and roadmap of releases.
Improved product readiness by conducting product training to SEs and channel partners for all regions. 

Program Manager - Wireless LAN; Alteon Switched Firewalls		
Developed program schedules, managed risk, determined resource requirements and provided technical guidance
Saved troubled projects by setting priorities and reorganizing efforts
Facilitated operations and supply chain process (from prototype, beta test, and pilot production to general availability).

Program Manager - Customer Advocacy / Beta Program		
Defined and developed new Customer Advocacy programs including the New Product Release Beta program and a re-design of customer support web site.
Budgeted and structured resources needed to develop and sustain these programs. Developed process and procedure for implementation.
Managed a web development team including setting goals and writing annual reviews, setting priorities. 


OHLONE COLLEGE, Fremont, CA						    1999-2002
Instructor (Adjunct Faculty) - Cisco Network Academy &amp; MCSE Program 
Lectured Networking Essentials course and Cisco Certified Network Professional courses to prepare Microsoft Certified Professional and CCNP candidates to successfully complete the exams.
Developed course syllabus, training and examination materials.            
Defined course lab equipment requirements and supervised students on lab set up


PACIFIC BELL NETWORK INTEGRATION, Dublin, CA
Design Engineer									1999	  
Network design decision-making; consulted System Engineers with all design issues such as scalability, security, performance, resilience and manageability.
Approved network design and Scope of work from System Engineers.
Conducted product evaluations.

AT&amp;T, Pleasanton, CA							   1996-1998
Data Network Specialist - Field Engineering Center 	
Single point of contact for the Field Engineering Center (FEC) for implementation and provisioning of all IP based services (VPN, Worldnet MIS Internet Access services)
Developed work procedures to support the center.
Supported and Trained FEC for IP based services and TCP/IP networking.
Data Network Account Executive
Expanded customer base by analyzing, designing and packaging network solutions to middle market customers.
Generated revenue by utilizing networks design and pricing tools to configure data networks, customize offers to meet customers' requirement.
Awarded: Management recognition - for outstanding performance 1997
Peer recognition - for contributed "above and beyond" to the success of the team 1997		

Education
M.S., Telecommunications Management, Golden Gate University, San Francisco
B.S., Hospitality and Tourism Management Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Graduated with Summa Cum Laude)
Exchange student program focus in Business Environments in Japan, Hiroshima Shudo University, Japan			
	
Certifications

Certified Social Media and Community Professional - Dell 
Pragmatic Marketing Certified 
Cisco Certified Network Professional - Voice Access, LAN ATM, SNA/IP Integration
Cisco Certified Network Associate 
Certified Bay Networks Router Expert Written
Certified Bay Networks Router Specialist (Nortel Network Certified Support Specialist)


Professional Development
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt in-training - Nortel Networks 
Process Management Control System ( PMCS),  Define Measure Analyze Improve Control  ( DMAIC) 
Quality Rapid Product Development - UC Berkeley Extension 
Product Marketing for High Tech Industry - UC Berkeley Extension 











Gabby Chan    408-828-9931		2 of 3	 	 



  
    AR
  
  
    ATM
  
  
    Bay Networks
  
  
    branding
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    business strategy
  
  
    Cisco Certified Network Associate
  
  
    CCNP
  
  
    Cisco Certified
  
  
    competitive analysis
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    designing
  
  
    Product Development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Internet Access
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    IP
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    Legal
  
  
    marketing strategy
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    market
    Product Marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Certified Professional
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network design
    network design
  
  
    Network
    network
    Networking Essentials
    Networks
    networks
  
  
    next
  
  
    Nortel
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    PR
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Process Management
  
  
    publication
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Router
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    SNA
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    structured
  
  
    supply chain
  
  
    TCP/IP networking
  
  
    video
  
  
    vision
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    web site
    web development
  
  
    Written
  


