
SHAHEEN PARKAR
			
Phone: 925-314-5066
Email: shaheen.parkar@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Accomplished, skilled and technically astute professional with more than 11 years of experience.
Over 11 years of IT experience in web application and server side design and development using J2EE technology. 
Hands on development experience in Java, database systems, BMC Remedy AR System tool.
Experience in leading and managing network support system tools pertaining to mobile industry.
Astute problem solver and business analyst.
Experience in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) - from requirement gathering to implementation, delivery, test planning and execution, and production support.
Creative and aggressive self-starter with analytical skills, capable of forming and maintaining positive and productive working relationships with internal, external and team environments.
Self motivated professional with proven ability to motivate team members to get things done.
Experience in the Networking, Mobile Applications, Health, Financial Services, HR-Finance, E-Learning, Marketing domains.

SKILLS

Languages/Technologies: J2EE-Java, JSP, EJB, JDBC, Core Java, Servlets, HTML, CSS, DHTML, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Java Script, XML , XSL, CGI/Perl, JMS
Web Service Technologies: CXF, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, WSDL
Web Servers: Apache Webserver, Tomcat.
Databases: Oracle 10g, SQL Server 2005, MySQL
Frameworks: Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Lucene, JUnit, ANT,MAVEN
Tools/IDEs: Visio, MS Project, MS Excel, IntelliJ, Eclipse, TOAD, BMC Remedy AR System
Methodologies: Agile, OOAD, UML
Integration APIs: Google Maps, Yahoo GUI library, Facebook  
Standards: SME in ATIS (Alliance of Telecommunication Industry Solutions) Standards

EXPERIENCE	

Kaiser Permanente IT, Pleasanton CA		       			March 2010 - Sept 2010
Technical Analyst


Analysing the current compliance system, gathering requirements, writing technical specifications for building a case management system.
	

FunMobility Inc, Pleasanton CA		       				August 2007 - Feb 2010
Lead Architect/Lead Software Engineer


Building mobile multimedia applications that enable consumers to connect and express themselves through mobile photos, videos, music, graphics and slideshows.
Core member of the team that designed and build the web services framework to be used as back-bone for all the Mobile apps.
Implementation for facebook api for various applications within my organization.
Used the Lucene framework to build a capable ranking and search utility for all the mobile contents in the system.
Fore-fronted the development and support effort across multiple channel partners.
Mentored and trained the server-side and web-services development offshore teams.

Robert Half International, Pleasanton CA      			February 2007 - August 2007
Senior Software Engineer


Designed and developed a new resume search application that incorporated the feature of searching resumes across the web and also in the internal system.
Key application which improved the overall productivity of the business users trying to place candidates.

UBS, NJ 						       		       July 2006 - January 2007
Designer/Programmer Analyst


Designed and development of applications supporting new investment options.
Leveraged UML for designing the use case, class diagrams, and object diagrams. 
Worked closely with the business team to elaborate requirements and obtain sign-off.
Involved in the design of the batch process used for extracting the data; gained extensive knowledge of the Wealth Management process. 

JPMorgan Chase, Chicago IL 			       		       August 2005 - June 2006
Designer/Senior J2EE developer


Responsible for re-architecting and re-coding of the existing manager connection application that uses outdated technology.
Managed the integration of the entire application across cross-functional teams from various locations.
Core member of the team that developed the application to interact with PeopleSoft using triggers and nightly process for data extraction.
Received numerous customer appreciations on my effective time-management and overall quality of deliverables. 

Cisco Systems, San Jose CA						July 1999 - July 2005
IT Analyst/ Lead Architect /Senior J2EE developer


Worked on various projects in Cisco across different domains like E-Learning, Marketing.
Experience in implementation of custom software application solutions covering the entire application development lifecycle.
Implemented processes and procedures for adherence to coding standards, procedures and techniques.
Key contributor to the user documentation process- worked extensively with business users, consolidating and implementing the feedback received.
Lead mid-size teams in the development and execution of J2EE (JSP, SERVLETS, JDBC, EJB projects involving new and challenging technologies with challenging timelines.

REWARDS AND RECOGNITION

Received awards for outstanding contribution at FunMobility Inc.
Received numerous awards and recognition for my contribution to the eLearning development group at Cisco.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

BMC Remedy AR Foundation 7.5 Certified
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science  (1999)
    Pune University, India

WORK AUTHORIZATION STATUS

Green Card



  
    Agile
  
  
    ANT
  
  
    Apache Webserver
  
  
    api
  
  
    application development
  
  
    AR
  
  
    business process
  
  
    CGI/Perl
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Databases
  
  
    designing
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    Eclipse
  
  
    EJB
  
  
    functional
  
  
    graphics
    GUI
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Java
    java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    Java Script
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    JMS
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    MS Excel
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    multimedia
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    network support
  
  
    Networking
  
  
    OOAD
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    processes
  
  
    coding
  
  
    quality
  
  
    express
  
  
    SERVLETS
    Servlets
  
  
    SQL Server
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Struts
  
  
    System integration
  
  
    user documentation
  
  
    Telecom
    Telecommunication
  
  
    time-management
  
  
    TOAD
  
  
    Tomcat
  
  
    UML
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    vision
  
  
    Web Servers
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSL
  


