
                                        DONALD E. KRAUSE
1700 Street Road, A-2
Warrington, Pa. 18976
(267) 221-1087 -
www.itech-more.com - Website
Home                                                           don@itech-more.com - E-Mail

OBJECTIVE:

It is my desire to serve as a Media Director, Communications &amp; Management Director, Director of Media and
Communications. There are many names and classifications for this position. My goal is to direct a team of staff and
volunteer people in multi-media. print, web, photography, marketing, television, film, and digital production. I am
willing to relocate and travel.

EDUCATION:

1975 - 1979 - PSU, University Park, Pa.; B.A.: General Arts/Sciences; Major - Film/Television


SKILLS:

 Production
           --Over 20 years on more than 5,000 projects for the broadcast television, commercial, documentary,
               industrial and feature film industries.
            --Executive Produced, Produced, Directed live and live to tape broadcasts up to 50 crew members.           

            --Coordinated, directed and managed multiple broadcast television shows on a weekly basis.        

            --Submitted, wrote, produced, directed and edited numerous broadcast television shows to some of
              the top companies in the multimedia and Fortune 100 industries.
           --Responsible for developing/producing six figure budgets while keeping quality up and costs down.
           --Established procedures to keep equipment in peak working order.
           --Advised timetables for new equipment upgrades, purchases and alternative structuring.

 EXPERIENCE

 CLICKTOWN PICTURES, INC., Owned production company for broadcast television in reality format television,
 documentaries, feature films and commercial production. As owner and Executive Producer of this company my job duties
 entailed producing, directing and running of 20 different broadcast television shows, feature film vignettes, commercials and
 Emmy award winning documentaries for PBS, Entertainment Tonight, Extra, ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, ESPN 2. America's Most
 Wanted, Columbia Pictures, Tri-Star Pictures, Universal Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Those Amazing Animals, Ripley's Believe
 It Or Not, That's Incredible, Real People, Extra Dimensions, "12 Monkeys"-Bruce Willis &amp; "Blow Out"-John Travolta..Worked
 with major film, television, sports and musical personalities such as Will Smith, Bruce Willis, John Travolta, Shirley McClain,
 Peter Ustinov, Reggie White, Steve Carlton, Chris Everett, Steffi Graf, Randall Cunningham, Pete Rose, Phil Collins, Boys To
 Men, Barbara Streisand. 1990 to 1998.

 PRESIDENT CLINTON'S SUMMIT, Awarded National Broadcast rights as the official production company of:
 "The President's Summit for America's Future". Motion picture, Television, Sports, Musical Stars in attendance with
 50 Heads of State, Corporate CEO's and former Presidents. 1998.

 EMMY AWARD, Director of Photography/Lighting For broadcast documentary entitled: "Baby Brain Surgery". 1994
 &amp; Emmy Award for the broadcast documentary entitled: "Honduras: The Road To War Or Peace". 1995.

 NEW YORK FILM FESTIVAL AWARD, For broadcast television show: "Big Time Fun", 1996.

 TELLY AWARD, For broadcast television show: "The Wacky Adventures Of J&amp;J". 1997.

 CRAYONS &amp; COLORS PRODUCTIONS, Formed new company to Executive Produce nationally syndicated children's
 programming. 1996 to 2000.
LAMBERTVILLE/RIVER OF LIFE CHURCH, Director Of Multi-Media, trainer, technician and facilitator of
building multimedia departments for two organizations. Ground floor up. Video presentation through simultaneous
broadcast live, to tape and internet. Designed website to be used and trained members in working of multimedia
software and equipment such as Panasonic large screen projection systems ( movie theater size) and peripheral
sound boards, DVD authoring and computer software integration. They were able to, in house, deliver live audio
(taped and bands), PowerPoint presentations ( with audio and effects ) and video productions, commercials, shows
( live, to tape and internet ) simultaneously or separately based on their needs. As technician I was also involved in
the upgrading and repair of all computer, printer, hardware, and software.-2002 to 2010.

CORPORATE CALL CENTER, Quality/Development and Compliance Supervisor-Responsibilities
included listening, evaluating, scoring and coaching over 130 employees on CCC, client and
governmental regulations. Provide reports and recommendations to upper management on an ongoing
basis. Create training documents, lead training sessions and classes. Diagnose trends and recommend
training solutions, resolution and follow-up to upper management. 2011

TECHNICAL SOFTWARE

Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, SongShow, Apple Pages, Keynote, Numbers, iWeb, Apple Final Cut Studio,
Avid Media Composer, Adobe After Effects, Illustrator, Photoshop, Premiere, Encore, Sound Booth, Audition, Avaya,
CMS Supervisor, NewTek Tricaster, Mac/PC trained, Lowell/Mole Richardson, LTM Lighting, Blue &amp; Green Screen
Compositing, 3D animation, Various Hardware and software Diagnostics software. Multiple User Format software.
Knowledgeable in all audio and video codec formats.



REFERENCES:

 Mr. Philip Zeo, Owner/Partner, Zeo Brothers, Inc.
 244 East County Line Road, #3B
 Hatboro, Pennsylvania 19040
 (215) 956-0328

 Mr Pierre Eade
 1895 Wrightstown Road
 Washington Crossing, PA 18977
 Tel. 215.493.5080

 Corporate Call Center
 Mr. Ken Walters
 1400 Union Meeting Road
 Suite 202
 Blue Bell, Pa. 19422
 Tel. 610.397.2306



  
    3D animation
  
  
    ABC
  
  
    Adobe After Effects
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Premiere
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    audio
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    Avid Media Composer
  
  
    Broadcast
    broadcast
  
  
    budgets
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    client
  
  
    Dimensions
  
  
    directing
  
  
    DVD
  
  
    film
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    Lighting
  
  
    listening
  
  
    Mac
  
  
    Director 3
    Director
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Powerpoint
    PowerPoint presentations
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    multimedia
  
  
    networks
  
  
    peak
  
  
    Photography
  
  
    printer
  
  
    producing
    Producer
  
  
    programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Radio
    radio
  
  
    reality
  
  
    Sound
    sound
  
  
    SUMMIT
    Summit
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    technician I
  
  
    Television
    television
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrading
    upgrade
  
  
    Video
    video
  
  
    website
  
  
    Writer
  


