
DAVID KUHN
3891 Ridgewood Drive * Hilliard, Ohio 43026
(614) 203-7695 * david@winohio.net

FINANCIAL SERVICES, BANKING AND LENDING EXECUTIVE


Commercial Real Estate Finance * Credit Analysis * Loan Underwriting * Financial Statement Analysis
Credit Memorandums * Loan Structuring * Due Diligence * Risk Assessment &amp; Management * Loan Workouts 
Business Planning * Risk Based Pricing Models * Relationship Management * Portfolio Monitoring &amp; Management
Business Development * Sales Presentations &amp; Negotiations * Broker Relations * Non-Profits * Bond Financing


Seasoned, driven and dedicated finance and lending professional with 20+ years of experience fueling revenues and reducing risk through the balanced implementation of superior business development, relationship management, due diligence and financial analysis skills.

Feb 2006 - August 2006 - CMAC - Dublin, Ohio - VP Commercial Loan Underwriting

CMAC - Church Mortgage Acceptance Corp was a privately owned, commercial mortgage finance company exclusively focused on providing real property financing to qualified churches nationwide.  Due to market conditions, CMAC lost its senior funding partner and subsequently sold off its loan assets.

Reported to the CEO of the company.
*Originated over $30 million and underwrote over $100 million of new commercial real estate loans in 6 months.
Assisted principals in establishing the Ohio underwriting and sales office. Authored or co-authored all underwriting guidelines, policies and procedures, pricing models, loan applications and marketing documentation.
*Hired, trained and managed Ohio underwriting and processing staff.
Originated and qualified all loan prospects, gathered and reviewed all loan applications and supporting documentation, performed financial statement, cash flow, real estate, management and transactional analysis and determined general credit worthiness.
*Prepared credit memorandums, loan proposals and commitment letters.


2002 - 2006 - ECCU - Dublin, Ohio - Commercial Real Estate Lending Officer

ECCU - Evangelical Christian Credit Union is one of the largest banking and lending institutions for Christian Ministries in the country.  With over $2 Billion in assets, ECCU has served churches nationwide for over 40 years with their commercial real estate lending needs.

*Reported to the EVP of Sales.
*Originated and advised on over $100 million of commercial real estate loans.
Established the first Midwest sales office exclusively serving the banking and lending needs of Christian schools and churches within the Ohio, Michigan and Indiana markets.
Prepared all sales presentations and managed all sales, marketing and consulting efforts.
*Originated and qualified all loan prospects, gathered and reviewed all loan applications and supporting documentation, performed financial statement, cash flow, real estate, management and transactional analysis and determined general credit worthiness.
*Prepared credit memorandums, loan proposals and commitment letters.


2001 - 2002 - The Salvation Army - Atlanta, Georgia - Associate Director of Planned Giving

The Salvation Army is a worldwide organization with offices in over 118 countries across the globe. It was established in 1885 and is the largest charitable organization in the nation with donor contributions exceeding $2 Billion annually.

*Reported to the Director of Planned Giving.
*Developed strategies for the identification, cultivation, and solicitation of Planned Giving prospects for south and middle Georgia which included 11 corporate offices.
*Coordinated the Planned Giving activities of staff officers, volunteers, financial and legal advisors for the purpose of cultivating and securing major planned gifts such as wills, trusts, income funds and endowments.
*Mentored staff and volunteers and provided training as needed.
*Evaluated the effectiveness of all Planned Giving initiatives and activities across the defined region.
*Prepared and designed all marketing pieces and collateral materials.
*Prepared all giving choices and gift illustration proposals for prospective donors.
*Actively managed a portfolio of Planned Giving prospects and donors for cultivation, solicitation and stewardship.
*Analyzed and prepared reports on marketing initiatives for ascertaining return of investment and program impact.
*Served as chief liaison and educator for all incoming requests for information or visitation.




1987 - 2001 - LorMar Capital Management - Dublin, Ohio - President and Founder

LorMar Capital Management is a corporate finance consulting firm established to assist both private for-profit and non-profit entities with their financing, financial management and corporate development efforts.

President and Founder (Selected Accomplishments)
*Originated, consulted and funded over $20 million in commercial real estate loans and first mortgage bonds.
*Structured, managed and financed a regional asset backed trade program for a Fortune 100 retail company.  Program enhanced the company's ability to attract municipal and large institutional customers.   Program realized a 25% savings for customers, produced a 7% savings in cost of goods sold for the company and produced an annualized 78% return on investment for my investors. Additionally, the average turn on this paper was 10 days.
*Retained as the Interim Chief Financial Officer by Board of Directors of a multi-million dollar Non-Profit Organization and given full responsibility for the assessment and restructuring of all financial operations, departments and staffing. In 12 weeks, turned around failing operations by restructuring and implementing new financial policies, financial systems and reporting formats.  Restructured all departmental budgets and forecasts, capable of maintaining the day- to-day fiscal integrity of the corporation while providing a manageable, sustainable and flexible plan of growth and expansion.  Reduced operating budget by 25%, which supported a revised $4,000,000 debt management plan. Preserved and maintained without loss, all vendors and banking relationships (over 20) without lawsuit, which were vital to the organizations ongoing stability and growth.

*Developed funding strategies, partners and business plans for numerous private for-profit corporations.

*Sold over $200,000,000 of investment, insurance, pension products to high net worth individuals and corporate clientele.

*Served as the exclusive Financial Advisor to a national trade association with over 8,500 members nationwide.
Restructured and administered the association's self-funded insurance program, lowering the annual liability by $1,500,000.

Retained as Chief Financial Officer to attract development stage capital, structure the financing and oversee the financial operations of a Nintendo licensed Product Development Company. Structured and implemented a 3 year strategic business plan that led to the successful funding of the company.  Originated, structured and negotiated over $2,000,000 of equity funding for less than a 10% equity give up and $750,000 of trade and subordinated debt through the creation of a new financial product, the Revenue Participation Bond (RPB). Originated and negotiated strategic alliance partnerships with various Taiwanese manufacturing concerns. Advised President, CEO and VP of Marketing in the preparation of all strategies and documentation concerning financial and credit policy, manufacturing, product pricing, advertising, promotion, sales and licensing. Became the first American Development Stage Company to receive a Nintendo License.


EDUCATION &amp; TRAINING

*	Franklin University - Columbus, Ohio; BA (Finance)
Ohio State University - Columbus, Ohio; School of Architecture

*	Formal Commercial Sales &amp; Credit Training.

*	SPIN Selling, 7 Habits, Situational Leadership Training.

*	Investment Securities Licenses Earned; Series 6, 7, 63; Licenses not active.
Life &amp; Health Insurance License; State of Ohio; Licenses not active.

*	Extensive PC Skills; Proficient with software applications such as Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook, various accounting, database, graphic and web design software applications.

*	Strong communication skills, self-starter requiring little supervision, quick and eager to learn new skills.

*	Enjoy golf, photography (semi-professional) and reading.    



  
    accounting
  
  
    acquisitions
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    Army
  
  
    banking
  
  
    bonds
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    business plan
    business plans
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    Strong communication skills
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    corporate finance
  
  
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    credit risk
  
  
    clientele
    client
    clients
  
  
    database
  
  
    Product Development
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    educator
  
  
    equity
  
  
    finance
    financing
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    financial management
  
  
    financial planning
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    fund raising
  
  
    funds
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    illustration
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Leadership Training
  
  
    legal
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Director
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    marketing and consulting
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    PC Skills
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    process management
  
  
    Profit
    profit
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    quick
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    relationship management
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    retail
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    Selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    self-starter
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Structured
    structured
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Taiwanese
  
  
    web design
  


