
Wen Yau (Katherine) Chan
50 Dey Street, Apt.#452, Jersey City, NJ 07306    (917) 509-0476      WK22777@gmail.com	


OBJECTIVE: Dedicated and energetic professional seeking a fashion fabric buyer position with a dynamic fashion-forward company where I can utilize my interpersonal, communicational and organizational skills to the utmost in furthering of the company.

EXPERIENCE:
Echo Design Group, Inc. (Fashion Design Company), New York                                          		 (2/2005-12/2005)
Component Manager
Improved the flow of work and materials; working process efficiency increased by 50%. 
Monitored the component production run to ensure that it stayed on schedule and rectified over identified production problems.  
Coordinated different suppliers on production activities to ensure smooth production.  
Monitored supplies and inventory to ensure sufficient resources were available to manufacture products.
Coordinated with outsourcing manufacturers to monitor product standards to meet clients' requirements.       

Interspace Group, Inc. (Software and consulting firm), New York, NY	 (12/2003-8/2004)	        
Sales Associate                                                                                                                                                    
Explored new market sectors in New York City by locating and acquiring potential clients. 
Developed and conducted marketing strategies through identifying market trends and understanding consumers' needs.
Assisted the project manager in serving the customers, including ensuring customer satisfaction and resolving customer complaints.

Valentine USA, Inc. (Apparel Manufacturer and Agency), New York, NY 	 (3/2001-12/2003)                         
Fashion Development and Production Manager Assistant 	                                                                          
Planned apparel developments and production time schedules within budgetary and time constraints. 
Monitored the production run to ensure that it stayed on schedule and rectified over 80% of the identified production problems.  
Coordinated different departments on production activities to ensure smooth operations.  
Negotiated with accounting and design departments to secure proper funding and resources needed to manufacture products.
Coordinated with outsourcing manufacturers to monitor product standards to meet clients' requirements.
Decreased production costs by over 10% through negotiations with outsourcing manufacturers and client.
Increased work process efficiency by over 15%.


EDUCATION:
Baruch College (CUNY), New York, NY     	                        					 (December 2005)	                  
Bachelor of Business Administration (GPA: 3.4) 	                                                          		
Major: Operation Management; Minor: Communication 
                                          
SKILLS:		           
Computers: Proficient in Windows XP, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook), Prodtrac, Memotrac, Costing system.
Languages: Fluent in English, Mandarin and Cantonese.



  
    accounting
  
  
    Cantonese
  
  
    color
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    Fluent in English
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Mandarin
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mentor
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Word
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality control
  


