
                                               GLENN ENGLUND
                                      glennenglund@live.com  Kenmore, Washington



                             PROJECT MANAGEMENT and CLIENT SERVICES
                      Project Development | Budget Management | Production Coordination
High-energy team player seeks new employment. Adaptable communicator brings more than 16 years of
experience managing client projects in all kinds of environment. Strong interpersonal skills that establish
and maintain client relationships. Highly organized and enthusiastic self-starter will gain immediate
respect and buy-in from clients and members of cross-functional teams at all organizational levels.



                                                  Core Competencies
                    Account Management  Sales and Presentation Skills  Contract Negotiation
      Written and Verbal Communication  Client Interface  Problem Solver  Empathetic  Innovative
        Marketing Campaign Production  Workflow and Process Improvement Lean Manufacturing
             Purchasing and Order Management  Vendor Management  Database Management
                                         Issue Resolution and Troubleshooting




                                             PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Vertis Communications, Tukwila, Washington                                                                    3/2007 &#173; 1/2009
A premier provider of targeted advertising and marketing solutions to leading retail and consumer services companies.

Client Services Manager
Facilitated multimillion-dollar promotional projects for customers including Safeway, Car Toys and IKEA.
Reviewed client contracts and managed orders to expectations. End-to-end customer management
through the productions process. Managed the resolution of production issues reported by operations,
sales, and client. Used VMAC client process software to direct the production of advertising inserts;
tracked jobs and successfully ensured on-time delivery. Active driver in quality improvement projects.
Key Projects
Safeway Postcard Direct Mail Program
Developed Excel-based tracking system for direct mail program, eliminating errors while saving $120,000
and more than 1,500 hours per year in rework and shipping. Communicated with cross-functional team
via weekly teleconferences and email to review job status.
Safeway Insert Color Audit Program
Streamlined and improved the color quality audit process across all printing divisions. Conducted
conference calls with other division leaders to coordinate ongoing projects; reviewed density-tracking
spreadsheet and inspected printed samples for color and quality uniformity.




                                                          Page 1 of 2
                                               GLENN ENGLUND
                                      glennenglund@live.com  Kenmore, Washington

Bastyr University, Kenmore, Washington                                                                 10/2004 &#173; 3/2007
One of the world's leading academic centers, for advancing knowledge in the natural health sciences.

Transportation Coordinator
Managed on-campus transportation services and facilities, including parking, road maintenance and
signage. Organized shuttle bus service; coordinated metro bus incentives and the distribution of
vouchers. Mentored and trained up to ten work-study students per quarter handling parking ticket
dissemination and campus-wide shipping and receiving functions.

Nordic Consult, Kenmore, Washington                                                                    3/2001 &#173; 10/2004
Nordic Consult provided residential construction services for new and remodeled homes.

Project Manager | Remodeler
Managed residential construction projects, ensuring adherence to budget, schedule and safety
requirements. Wrote project estimates, negotiated and signed contracts. Oversaw production process
including acquisition of supplies and quality control. Documented changes to work parameters. Managed
customer complaints and worked to resolution. Remodeled bathrooms and kitchens, and installed
landscapes. Designed and built decks and gazebos.

Schawk! Inc. (formerly Color Control, Inc.), Redmond, Washington                                        4/1989 &#173; 3/2001
Schawk's services include brand conception, packaging, advertising and worldwide promotion.
Catalog Job Engineer/Project Engineer (10/1997 &#173; 3/2001)
Provided assembly and color correction advice to facilitate completion of catalogs and direct mail
projects; acted as client account manager and liaison between clients and internal production team.
Managed projects, handled job costing and disseminated customer corrections to production
departments. Coordinated changes and corrections; ensured timely completion of high-quality projects.

Supervisor, Combi Department (6/1993 &#173; 10/1997) | Assistant Supervisor (8/1992 &#173; 6/1993)
Mentored and managed a team of 18 pre-press, layout and scanner operators and prep-assistants.
Tracked client projects, compiled shipment elements and ensured quality and on-time delivery.

Preparation Assistant (4/1989 &#173; 8/1992)
Created final files, archived data and prepared printing film. Cleaned film processors and transparencies.
                                EDUCATION | LANGUAGES | CERTIFICATION
DeVry University, Bellevue, Washington (Evening program, degree expected 1/2013)
          Bachelors of Science in Business Administration - Project Management

Cascadia Community College, Bothell, Washington (2009)
          Network Engineering

New Horizons, Bellevue, Washington (2007)
          Excel 1-2 (14 hours)

                                              TECHNOLOGY | PC/MAC
Applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project and Access; File Maker Pro; Lotus Notes
Operating Systems: Windows XP, Vista and 7; Mac OS 8.6, 9 and X
Production System Utilities: VMAC &#173; Proprietary Order Management System







  
    academic
  
  
    premier
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    budget
  
  
    catalogs
  
  
    Color
    color
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Direct Mail
    direct mail
  
  
    Driving
  
  
    email
  
  
    File Maker Pro
  
  
    film
  
  
    functional
  
  
    job costing
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Mac OS 8.6
  
  
    MAC
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
    Excel 1
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    natural
  
  
    Network Engineering
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Order Management
  
  
    packaging
  
  
    pre-press
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Press
  
  
    processors
  
  
    project management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality improvement
    quality control
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    retail
  
  
    safety
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scanner
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    Utilities
  
  
    Vista
  


