
ARNITA K. JONES
arnitajones@charter.net  
Phone: (314) 495-4234
			


PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE

Highly motivated, results-driven leader with a MBA and strong business background seeking opportunities in a winning organization that values loyalty, commitment, and a sincere dedication to goal accomplishment and to the employees of the organization. 



 SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

- Masters Degree in Business Administration
- Fourteen Years Leadership and Supervisory Experience
- Strong Strategic Thinking and Decision Making Skills
- Keen Ability to Translate Leaders' Vision into Action
- Personnel Recruitment and Training Experience


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

2006 - 2007
My responsibility as the DMIT is to support the DM.  I listed below in bullet point format my responsibilities but wanted to give you more detail.  I organized getting 150 Managers, Tax Professionals and Client Service Professionals hired and trained for this district.  This means, making sure all of them have input an application, passed the background check, make sure they are in I-9 compliance and establish a training schedule to ensure at least 24 hours of training is taken every year.  I am also responsible for resolving client issues and Peace of Mind (POM) cases.  Meaning if a client receives an IRS letter or one of our TPs makes an error, we have to input the information into our system, have it approved by headquarters and ensure the client receives reimbursement in a timely manner.
Assisted the District Manager in the operation and management of the district to ensure successful implementation of Company policy and procedures across 12 retail offices.
Recruiting, interviewing, hiring, training and on-going supervision of seasonal and off-season associates within the district. Responsible for associate acquisition and retention through creative and prescribed methods such as participating in Chamber of Commerce meetings, visiting local colleges, holding career fairs, etc.
Coordinated Tax Training School classes and upper level training activities. Recruiting and assigning instructors ensuring each instructor is paid timely and according to the correct pay structure.
Client relations support through timely processing of Peace of Mind and Client contacts to ensure completion of claims and increase the probability of return next year.
Shared responsibility for scheduling and monitoring labor, overrides, office shut-down, invoice approval, associate awards events and meetings.

Office Manager
Starbucks Coffee Company
2004 - 2006
Developed and lead a team of 20 partners (employees) to create and maintain the Starbucks Experience for our customers and partners.  Increased store sales by 31.6% through maximizing scheduling, proper associate training and better selection of food/coffee items.  Also, increased sales by hosting a series of events called the "Starbucks Sip".  These events would feature local artists (music, art, etc.), where customers could come and purchase CDs and paintings from local artists.  My store ranked as #1 or #2 in sales over LY every week for almost a year in the city of St. Louis.  Took me about 3 months to turn the store around.

Selected as a Training Manager where Store Managers-In-Training were placed to learn all aspects of the business. 
Consistently met or exceeded financial targets.  Increased weekly business from $19k to $23-25k per week.  Resulting in an average charge increase of over 10%.
Conveyed a positive, motivated, and optimistic vision to my team.  Used change as an opportunity for growth and act as a catalyst for new initiatives. 
Set priorities and kept team focused on critical goals.  Leveraged the skills of the team to meet customer expectation on legendary service with speed.

Retail Manager
Viking Culinary Arts Center
2003 - 2004
Owned by Viking Range Corporation, customers came into the store, perused the ranges, refrigerators, microwaves, etc. before purchasing or RSVP's to take a cooking class in our demonstration theater or hands on kitchen.  As Retail Manager my goal was to maximize class enrollments and retail purchases.  Retail merchandise included  kitchen utensils, cookware sets, KitchenAid mixers, etc.  Additional results listed below.
Responsible for initial store setup including, hiring a team to assemble furniture and receiving initial merchandise shipment.  Ensured store was ready one week early before Grand opening.
Supervised 2 full-time and 5 part-time employees and ensured all associates were oriented to new classes, promotions and products.
Pushed retail sales by consistently analyzing business, identified sales opportunities and communicated with Corporate Buyer; trending +103% to plan.

Business Analyst
The May Company
2001 -2003
Promoted to the Business Analyst after great results in the Division Coordinator role.   Responsible for creating materials and training software to be utilized by each of the 7 Division Coordinators.  Upon approval, traveled to Ohio to work with the programming team to work out new programs on training kiosk.  Held training video conferences to ensure our Division Coordinators understood changes and how to utilize updated systems.  
Designed computer screens and training materials for new Wedding Registry scanning device resulting in problem free implementation.
Developed clearly defined training documentation for over 350 stores minimizing store associate questions.
Supervised systems testing, minimized errors during implementation of new reports, screens, and applications.

Division Coordinator
Famous-Barr 
1999 - 2001
Trained the Home Store Retail Associates in 43 retail store locations on the Bridal Registry program (how to add items to a bridal registry, how to delete, how to create a registry, etc.)  Partnered with Bridal Registry Manager to create an "instant registry form" that allowed brides to start their registry without being in a store.  Allowing for participation in Wedding events outside of the retail store.  The average wedding registry generated $1,000 in retail sales.  Thus, if 50 instant registries were captured, the results were $50K in sales.  Coordinated in store Bridal Events where representatives from Lenox, Mikasa, and Noritake would come to our store to talk to potential customers sand brides about their products and services.  
Trained over 200 store associates increasing sales and registrations by 27% in the Spring of 1999.
Negotiated sponsorship in the Fifth Annual Wedding Extravaganza attaining 170 registries and generating $170,000 in future sales.
Supervised nine stores' participation in the Convention Center Bridal Event securing 171 registries, generating $171, 000 in future sales.
Developed an Instant Registry form utilized by the NorthWest Plaza store at a Bridal event obtaining 50 registries and producing $50,000 in future sales.
Communicated consistently with all levels of Store Management and increasing sales and registrations by 25% in Fall 1999.

Assistant Buyer
Famous-Barr
1997 - 1998
Responsible for detailed sales and stock analysis for the $8 million Better Petite department including maintenance of markdowns, shipment tracking and store visitations.
Executed interstore transfers and hand-carry to the Galleria in December, resulting in a 113% sales increase vs. an overall trend of 10%.
Contributed a $10,000 increase in Import Fall sales through by-door distribution analysis.
Supervised temporary interns and clerical support to manage daily office functions.

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration, University of Hartford, Hartford CT, 1997
Bachelor of Arts in Sociology, Washington University, St. Louis MO, 1995

AREAS OF ACHIEVEMENT
H&amp;R BLOCK
Spokesperson Certification - Since 2008, I was selected and trained by Headquarters to answer tax questions via, radio, television and phone for H&amp;R Block.  

TOASTMASTERS INTERNATIONAL
 Toastmasters (TM) is a recognized world leader in communication and leadership development. TM has over 13,000 clubs and over 270,000 members. We improve our skills in a "learn by doing workshop" which are actually our weekly or bi-weekly club meetings.  Every year we have an International Speech Competition where thousands of TM members compete around the world.  At the Semi-Finals level, there are less than 300 TM competing.
2012 First Pace Winner, International Speech Competition (Club and Area)
2011 Third Place Winner, International Speech Competition Semi-Finals
2011 First Place-Four Time Winner, International Speech Competition (Club, Area, Division and District)



STARBUCKS
2005 Coffee Master - training program where you study the types of beans, how they are brewed, the effect of the environment on brewing and teaching you how to do blind taste tests.  You know the coffee by the notes you smell and taste.  Once the certification testing are passed, the Coffee Master is the only one in a Starbucks store, allowed to lead customers in coffee and tea tastings.



REFERENCES
Available Upon Request












  
    art
  
  
    Business Analyst
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    closing 3
  
  
    Coach
    coaching
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    cooking
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
    Client relations
  
  
    direction
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    financial
  
  
    goal-setting
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    instructor
  
  
    beans
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    notes
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managerial
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    office
  
  
    microwaves
  
  
    next
  
  
    Office Manager
  
  
    producing
  
  
    programming
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    Recruiting
  
  
    Retail
    retail
  
  
    retail sales
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Tax
    tax
  
  
    teaching
  
  
    TPs
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    trend
  
  
    video
  
  
    vision
  


