
Camille Thomas
24591 E. Applewood Circle #1123
Aurora, CO 80016
Camie1113@yahoo.com
720-388-5275

Summary 

Five years experience in the fashion industry with a Bachelor's degree in Apparel Studies and obtaining a Master's in Fashion Merchandising.  Trained in garment construction from aesthetic, cost, to finished product.  Educated in CAD software, textile properties, artistic and economic selection of materials for clothing and household furnishings.  Skilled in apparel classification, seasonal cycles, trends, marketing communication through apparel courses.

High- End Apparel Website Experience 
Professional experience in identifying descriptions and copy to support promotions and other product related features on the website, coordinating the addition of all new trade launches to the web site, including image and copy uploading.  Verifying accuracy of pricing, removing out of stock merchandise, recognize cross-selling opportunities, targeted messaging for all products and make recommendations.

Retail Merchandising
Assistant Manager with high level of focus on merchandising, floor-set creation, and mannequin, wall, and window displays. Leader in creating and implementing the visual story of the store and working with the sales associates to meet sales goals. Participant in numerous marketing campaigns promoting in store sales and new merchandise.

Fabric Construction 
Knowledge of patterns, fabric and notion selection.  Can select fabric considering care, nap, pattern, grain, yardage, and durability.  Demonstrate construction preparation techniques including preparation of fabric, pattern layout, marking and cutting.  Use of appropriate construction tools (shears, seam ripper, seam gauge, tailors chalk).  Demonstrate application of sewing machines, sergers.

Work History 
Quality Agent- Sephora - Denver, CO - November 2010- March- 2011
Style Consultant/Sales Associate  - The LOFT -  Denver , CO  -  March 2010- July 2010 
Web Director Assistant  -  Shopmasons.com-  June 2009- December 2009 
Assistant Manager  -  Gadzooks/Forever 21  -  Fayetteville , AR  -  August 2006- May 2008 

Education 
University of Kansas State- Master's of Arts- Merchandising- Expected 2013 
University of Arkansas- Bachelor's of Science- Apparel Studies- Graduated 2009

Other Skills/Personality 
Designing, merchandising, apparel production, sewing, Style Manager, Gerber Omega, U4ia, Photoshop, Microsoft Office, POS systems, basic HR, preparing business correspondence, hiring, payroll management, spreadsheets, scheduling, organized, detail oriented, diligent, multi-tasking, quick learner, high energy, humorous, resourceful, patient  




  
    Photoshop
  
  
    Assistant Manager
  
  
    basic
  
  
    business correspondence
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    detail oriented
  
  
    features
  
  
    focus
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    HR
  
  
    image
  
  
    layout
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    Merchandising
    merchandising
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    window
  
  
    multi-tasking
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    POS
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    quick learner
  
  
    Retail
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    web site
    Website
    website
  


