
DIATTA L. HARRIS, PMP
807 Crystal Palace Court, Owings Mills, MD  21117 * dstprl@yahoo.com * 410-868-8113
 
Highly skilled, decisive, and results-driven Information Technology and Project Management professional with 13 years of experience in leadership, strategic planning, project portfolio management, organizational development, health insurance product launches, and governance.  Demonstrated success overseeing multiple complex projects concurrently, project teams and ongoing operations management.  Proven leader who possesses the ability to balance support of demanding customers.  Focused on optimizing process flow and solving business problems that bring innovative ideas to reality to improve productivity.
 
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Georgia State University, Atlanta, Georgia, Master of Business Administration, December 1995              
Georgia State University; Atlanta, Georgia, Master of Health Administration, August 1996
Florida A&amp;M University, Tallahassee, Florida, Bachelor of Science:  Business Administration, May 1993
 
Project Management Institute:  Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification, April 2005 
Scholarship recipient:  CHIMES CIO Boot Camp Alumni Scholarship Award 2008, November 2008
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
 
Ameritox, Ltd, Baltimore, Maryland              			                June 2009 to October 2010   
Privately held company which is the nation's leader in pain prescription monitoring and reporting services.  
           
Senior Project Manager, Enterprise Project Management Office              
Manage strategic project portfolio.  Establish project management standards, best practices, tools and metrics to measure project progress and success.  Develop workflows to enhance existing operational processes.  Consult with business owners to develop best strategic direction for sponsored projects.  Lead high performance cross-functional project teams comprised of vendors, business owners, and subject matter experts.  Drive re-engineering of inefficient processes.  Provide guidance to project managers in other departments leading complex initiatives through entire project management lifecycle.  Develop and implement enterprise project management office standards.  Manage virtual project teams.  Coordinate delivery of strategic projects.  Train project managers to established standards and best practices.
 
Launched a new panel offering designed to process samples submitted by providers using desktop analyzers.
Led a cross-functional project team geared to develop and implement a new internal workflow designed to decrease sample cancellations and increase billable samples.  Currently the organization is realizing a 1% increase in billable samples.
Actively participated in the successful implementation of the Lab Information Management System (LIMS) conversion from a legacy system to a custom application which improved lab throughput by more than 20%.
Worked with senior management to launch a new distribution channel which increased overall reimbursement from Workers' Compensation carriers from 4% to 7% within six months.
Managed the troubleshooting effort during an HL7 implementation between LIMS and the billing accounts receivable application which decreased duplicate data entry in multiple systems once implemented in October 2009.
  
Erickson Living, Baltimore, Maryland           		                 			    1999 to 2009
Formerly Erickson Retirement Communities.  Privately held developer and operator of Continuing Care Retirement Communities, with over $1B in revenue, providing high quality comprehensive healthcare to 22,000 residents in 9 states.  In 2008 Erickson is ranked 93rd by Fortune on the 100 Best Companies to Work For and ranked 83rd on the Information Week 500.

Director of Information Technology                       			              April 2005 to April 2009
Managed eHealth capital project portfolio, totaling $4M annually, to established objectives.  Communicated project status and progress on a monthly basis to key senior executive business leaders.  Directed efforts between the vendor, business owner and technical team to develop optimal implementation plans.  Developed and establish project management policy and best practices in the Information Technology Department.  Presented new capital project initiatives to executive leadership.  Developed team of project managers responsible for managing project timelines and budgets within a fast-paced and highly dynamic environment.
 
Recruited and on boarded high-performing technologists for application support team managing billing, electronic medical records, system integrations and census management systems.  Directed a multi-disciplinary technical team.    Managed multiple vendor relationships including software and outsourced service desk vendors.  Oversaw the provision of technology services to healthcare business users.  Collaborated with healthcare operations to identify opportunities to enable processes with technology.
 
Implemented supporting integrations for the Erickson Health Plan launch which grew membership to 20% of total population within three years exceeding sales projections.
Effectively replaced antiquated sales tool with the implementation of Salesforce.com and achieved sales goal for the year within four months.
Aggressively implemented GE Centricity (formerly Logician) electronic medical record system in eleven months to ten sites which resulted in a 40% return on investment within 12 months.
Reduced outstanding claims by 50% on average by with implementation of a custom built rejection and denial log system.
Managed practice management system migration from existing vendor to a hosted solution which decreased claims denial by 10% within the first month of operation.
Implemented Centricity EMR to medical billing system charge interface resulting in an immediate return on investment by reducing CBO staff by 50%.
Successfully implemented a custom online health portal for a mature population which resulted in enrollment of 17% of population within 12 months of implementation when the industry average is 5%. 
Achieved three Gold and two Silver Erickson Innovation Awards for three consecutive years from 2005 to 2007.
 
Progression of positions held at Erickson Retirement Communities:
Senior Project Manager                                                                                   December 2003 to April 2005
Senior Healthcare Application Analyst                                                    December 2001 to December 2003
Healthcare Application Analyst                                                                   October 1999 to December 2001
 
Maxim Group, Inc., Baltimore, Maryland
Client:  Senior Campus Living currently Erickson Retirement Communities
Healthcare Consultant                                                                                         April 1999 to October 1999
Electronic Data Systems Corporation, Gaithersburg, Maryland
Business Analyst                                                                                                       June 1998 to April 1999
Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of the Mid-Atlantic States, Inc., Rockville, Maryland
Proposal Information Specialist                                                                                April 1997 to June 1998
Pricing Analyst                                                                                                September 1996 to April 1997
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND TRAINING
Fundamentals Training:  Fundamentals of Network Administration, How to Lead High Performance Teams, How to Write Requirements, Skills of Negotiation
 
Project Management:  Budget estimation &amp; management, scope management, project charter development, WBS development, MS Project, MS Project Server, Managing Project with SharePoint, project management template development 
 
Six Sigma Black Belt:  Six Sigma Black Belt training

Software Applications:  Lancelot Lab Information Management System, XIFIN Revenue Cycle software, GE Centricity EMR, Sage Medical Manager Practice Management System, Clarity PPM, SharePoint, Salesforce.com, MS Office Suite
 
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS AND COMMUNITY SERVICE

Member:   Greater Baltimore Committee, Technology Committee 2006 to Present
Member:   Project Management Institute Baltimore Chapter 2005 to Present
Board Member:   Martin Luther King After School Program 2006-2007
Member:  Greater Baltimore Leadership 2006
Centricity Health User Group, Member at Large, Board Member 2005-2007
CIO CHIMES Boot Camp 2005
Member:  Baltimore Metropolitan Alumnae Chapter, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. 1994 to Present










3




  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    automation
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budgets
  
  
    business owner
  
  
    com
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    DC
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direction
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    fast
  
  
    financial
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    Innovation
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    LIMS
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    medical billing
  
  
    memory
  
  
    office
  
  
    migration
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    developer
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    processes
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Express
  
  
    re-engineering
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Vision
  
  
    workflow
  


