
Amit Borkar Cell: (301) 275-0632 amitab@gwmail.gwu.edu

Career Accomplishments

7 years of IT Experience in all phases of SDLC including fast paced iterative development.
Masters in Computer Science and Masters in Computer Applications 
Expertise in web development using Ruby on Rails, HTML5, jQuery and .net MVC
Experience working with Twitter API's and SMS Aggregators including mBlox and Verisign.
Strong cloud computing experience with VPS - Amazon, Rackspace, Engineyard and Heroku
In-depth knowledge of multi tier application architecture using Object Oriented Programming.
Software Developer - Thummit Inc, Washington DC 						(June 08 - May 09)

Responsible for designing and implementing a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using .NET Remoting and Web Services with Microsoft SQL Server 2005 as the backend 
Coordinate with the off shore team to discuss functional and technical requirements. 
Designed, Developed, and implemented a solution to integrate the Application with Twitter and Short Message Service (SMS) on Mobile phones. 
Coding Web Interfaces with ASP.net using Visual Studio 2005 and the Microsoft AJAX control toolkit. 

Programmer Analyst - Mastek Ltd. (CMM Level 5)						(Sept 06 - Aug 07)

Designing and Developing a Web based e-procurement solution for the Government of Bahrain. 
Worked on Database design. Extensively wrote database procedures and functions. 
Worked together on designing the Web frontend using ASP.net 2.0 with Visual Studio 2005. 
Designed an innovative dynamic Audit Trail Component using PL/SQL to track data changes by System. 
Member of the Research team for testing and implementing new and cutting edge tools and technologies.

Application Developer - Government of India 							(Nov 05 - Sep 06)

Collaborated in designing, developing and implementing a standalone desktop Revenue Collection Management System for the State Department of Irrigation to help keep track of revenues generated. 
Responsible for understanding clients' business needs and finalizing requirements before converting them to design. 
Also responsible for coding, testing and implementing components using the .net framework and C# with Visual Studio 2003 which was later upgraded to Visual Studio 2005 
Provided production support, post deployment and held training and information sessions for end users.

Technical Support Engineer - Linksys a CISCO Company					(Dec 04 -July 05)

Troubleshooting and configuring Routers and Gateways over Cable, DSL and ADSL Internet service providers. 
Provided Support in building a home or business, wireless or wired network as per the customers need, using Routers, Gateways, Adapters, Video Cameras, Range Expanders, Print Servers, switches and hubs.
Software Tester - Datapro Infoworld Ltd 							(Sep 02 - Mar 03)

Testing of Web and Desktop applications. System testing, regression and integration testing. 
Wrote unit test cases and did peer-to-peer testing. 
Maintaining and deploying in-house web applications.

Skill Set

Technologies - .NET Framework, ASP.NET Webforms and MVC, SOA, Ruby on Rails
Programming languages - C#, Visual Basic.net, Ruby
Scripting and Markup Languages - JavaScript, VBScript, XML, HTML5, DHTML 
Database - Oracle 8i/9i/10g, MS SQL Server 2000/2005, MS Access, MySQL 
Version Control Systems - SVN, CVS, MS. Visual SourceSafe, GIT


Education
 
Masters in Computer Science - George Washington University (GPA-3.6) 				Dec 2008
Masters in Computer Applications - Pune University (GPA-3.5) 					June 2006




  
    ASP.net
    .NET
    .net
    Visual Basic.net
    ASP.net 2.0
    ASP.NET
  
  
    ADSL
  
  
    Art
    art
  
  
    Cable
  
  
    content management
  
  
    CSS3
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Version Control
    CVS
  
  
    Database
    database
  
  
    Database design
  
  
    Designing
    designing
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    edge
  
  
    fast
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Gateways
  
  
    Government
  
  
    HTML5
  
  
    hubs
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    Languages
    languages
  
  
    MS Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    2000
  
  
    MVC
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    network
  
  
    developer
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    Cameras
  
  
    print media
  
  
    Print Servers
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Coding
    coding
    Programming
  
  
    Research
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    Scripting
  
  
    SMS
  
  
    Visual SourceSafe
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    Microsoft SQL Server
  
  
    switches
  
  
    phones
  
  
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    VBScript
  
  
    Video
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    XML
  


