
Marylouise S. Jaffe

(732) 471-6105 / (908) 907-7007						      40 Hancock Street
msjaffepc@gmail.com							  Keansburg, NJ 07734
Seeking Position As:
Project Coordinator/Associate Project Manager

Confident, Outgoing, and Highly-Organized Project Coordinator has over 10 years of extensive experience working in telecommunication, manufacturing and consulting industries. Multifaceted professional is actively seeking a challenging role as a Project Coordinator or Associate Project Manager, ideally with a dynamic and progressive industry forerunner. Diligent candidate is proficient in prioritizing and completing tasks in a timely manner, with the keen ability to multitask a variety of challenges and responsibilities using creativity and the knowledge gained from past experience. Accomplished professional with good time management skills, extensive knowledge of SharePoint, the ability to communicate with all levels of management, and work with diverse project teams. Versatile and resourceful leader thrives in demanding environments, commits to every task, seeks out ways to continue training, leads cross-functional teams by example and with single-minded determination, and excels under pressure.

 Proactive Leadership Abilities			 Project Administrator/Coordinator Skills
 Excellent Interpersonal &amp; Analytical Skills	 Experienced in Document Management
 Sound Judgment &amp; Keen Attention to Details 	 Experienced SharePoint Designer
Professional Experience 

International Flavors &amp; Fragrances (Contracted via Aerotek)			Dec 2010 - June 2011
Project Coordinator, PMO							Feb 2011 - June 2011
Union Beach, NJ
Handled the preparation of accurate, concise, and complete weekly and monthly status documentations for the management.
Provided professional support and assistance in the creation and preparation of documentation to be used for team reviews.
Maintained and updated project plans, and scheduled meetings and participated in such meetings to complete minutes. 
Addressed any concerns and issues that were in line with job specifications and ensured employees' customer service consistently met company standards.

Executive Assistant to CIO							Dec 2010 - Feb 2011
Union Beach, NJ
Ensured timely input and documentation of complete purchasing requisitions into SAP for IT staff members' perusal.
Updated and maintained important information, databases, records, files, vacation schedules, processed expense and other relevant documents for the IT department.
Handled the scheduling of supervisors' meetings, appointments, interviews, events, and other important activities that they need to attend. 
Assumed responsibility for addressing travel and lodging arrangements needs, ensuring that such schedules were not in conflict with any other important events.
The Casey Group								July 2007 - June 2010
Project Coordinator, Order 2 Cash Project Teams
Parsippany, NJ
Handpicked and appointed as Lead Administrator for Microsoft SharePoint Portal Server 2003 project team sites.
Developed and designed the new company Intranet site utilizing advanced skills and expertise in using the SharePoint Designer.
Accepted and evaluated team member's expense reports and documentations, as well as contractor invoices for high-volume project team. 
Delivered assistance to the Quality Assurance team in testing new applications, developing of basic test scripts and defect tracking utilizing Bugzilla.

Jacques Exclusive Caterers							Feb 2004 - Dec 2011
Part-Time Bookkeeper/Office Administrator
Hazlet, NJ
Prepared monthly and quarterly sales tax documentations, and reconciled monthly account statements among 4 companies, and prepared office reports.
 Maintained and updated company SharePoint vacation, office and driver calendars, created team workspaces for monthly meetings with agendas and meeting minutes.
Prepared bi-weekly payroll and distributed to employees; ensured timely payments of vendor invoices; created quick reference guides for new software systems and user manuals for new hires.
Inputted vendor data using QuickBooks and event information in Caterease, addressing menu issues and concerns and handling credit card payments processes.

Alcatel-Lucent									July 2000 - July 2007
Associate Project Manager, IT Governance					Dec 2006 - July 2007
Murray Hill, NJ
Allowed access to selected team members in the use of Project Team SharePoint sites, in relation to their individual job functions.
Prepared weekly gate review meeting through inputting meeting outcome in Hyperlens, coordinating schedules, preparing reports, and loading gate packages to the SharePoint site before the meeting.
Coordinated efforts with the IT Executive Leadership Team and CIO through submitting complete program, project and minor enhancement metrics quarterly documentations.
Developed and online interactive guide to be used by the project managers in efficiently performing their daily duties, supplying them with tools and important company data.

Associate Project Manager, Program Management Organization			June 2004 - Dec 2006
Murray Hill, NJ
Acted as the Lead Administrator for overseeing the implementation and execution of MSP2003, Hyperlens, and Quickplace tool sets.
Trained project managers on the proper use of Project Web Access (PWA) and Microsoft Project Professional 2003 Enterprise edition.
Assumed responsibility for acting the role of a Resource Management professional handling Information Technology Projects.
Motivated other employees by implementing retention initiatives that will assist in meeting and exceeding quality, production and company turnover objectives.

Management Associate, Information Technology Team				Mar 2003 - June 2004
Murray Hill, NJ
Collected and evaluated weekly key item documentations received from the 5 executive areas to be used for CIO review.
Prepared accurate and complete employee change records into the HR systems for constant update of all employee status changes, as well as recordings of new employees.
Completed daily request for change spreadsheet and submitted them timely and appropriately to the change management team.
Recommended new strategies and database marketing and promotional programs to drive enhanced revenue from new and existing customer base. 

Department Business Assistant, Holmdel, Product Realization Team			July 2000 - Mar 2003
Murray Hill, NJ
Ensured capital requests were inputted correctly and timely into the SAP system; tracked and constantly monitored capital expenditures.
Typed purchased orders into the EZBuy purchasing system and passed vendor payments through EZPay accounts payable system.
Utilized Microsoft Excel in keeping and maintain hardware development tracking list and submitted them to the project management department.
Handled comprehensive data entry of engineering change orders to the ClearDDTS system for project management department.


Education &amp; Technical Skills

Rutgers University College, New Brunswick, NJ
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Information Technology &amp; Informatics
Achievement: Dean's List, Fall 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2010
Related Coursework: Management of Technological Organizations  Information Technology Project Management  Information Security  Network and Internet Technologies  Information Technology and Learning  Web Design  Advanced Web Design  Computer Applications in Business  Introduction to Financial Accounting  Introduction to Managerial Accounting

Brookdale Community College, Lincroft, NJ
Associate in Arts Degree in Humanities

Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Access, Project, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher)  SharePoint SharePoint Designer  InfoPath  Live Meeting  Lotus Notes  QuickPlace  Bugzilla  Basic HTML  JavaScript CSS  PHP  IBM Rational Tool Set (ReqWeb &amp; ClearQuest)  QuickBooks Pro Edition 2010  SAP (Version 7.2)  Adobe Dreamweaver CS5 (Version 11.0)  GameMaker 8.1 Lite  Ariba

Professional Certifications:  MSP2003 Black Belt Professional - Masters Certificate Using Project Server 2003, October 2006  Foundation Certification in IT Service Management (Exin Exams/Quantum Certification, July 2005)

Training (Corporate Training Group, Edison, NJ): Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 for 
Information Workers, 2008  SharePoint Designer 2007 boot Camp, 2010

Training (New Horizons Computer Learning Centers, Iselin, NJ): Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 - 
Level 2, 2008  Microsoft Access 2007 - Level 1, 2009  Microsoft Access 2007 - Level 2, 2009

























  
    accounts payable
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    basic
  
  
    bi
  
  
    change management
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Computer Applications
  
  
    concise
  
  
    Corporate Training
  
  
    credit
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    databases
  
  
    database marketing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    Financial Accounting
  
  
    Basic HTML
  
  
    HR
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    Information Security
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    Internet Technologies
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Managerial Accounting
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
    access
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Network
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    quick
  
  
    QuickBooks
    QuickBooks Pro
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    SharePoint Portal Server
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    tax
  
  
    user manuals
  
  
    Web Design
  


