
R&#233;sume	Sue M. Armbruster	Page 2 of 3

Sue M. Armbruster
22 Logan Terrace 									           847-951-9659
Golf, IL 60029 									      smarmbruster@msn.com

Accomplished professional with proven skills in project management, analysis, marketing and product management.  Leader and collaborator recognized for establishing relationships with diverse internal and external partners, clients and colleagues.  Customer solution driven with analytical focus.  Highly resourceful, reliable, dedicated leader with MBA.  

Professional Experience
Harris Bank - Chicago, IL	2004 to 2009
Vice President, Relationship Marketing Manager, Community Bank Marketing
Developed annual strategic marketing plans for 57 branches in Northern District with budget of $1.5million.
Achieved average annual results 101% of goal by revising market segmentation priorities to gain more effective marketing reach.
Reduced district marketing costs by 11% by initiating consolidated buys for media, creative and POS materials.
Initiated and delivered two programs focused on up-streaming mass affluent customer segment to utilize wealth management services--increased balances by $27mil and $395M in first year revenue. 
Created and delivered local marketing campaigns to amplify support of Retail, Business and Wealth lines of business.  Increased balances by $78mil across product lines and customer segments.
Introduced monthly marketing communications and sales tracking tools. 

JP Morgan Chase - Chicago, IL	1979 to 2003
Vice-President, Field Marketing Manager, Retail Marketing	1999 to 2003
Initiated and delivered national marketing promotions, weekly marketing communications, marketing training and tools for top performing Midwest District (300 branch locations in three states). 
Created successful local marketing programs based on approved business cases for product introductions, civic and sports sponsorships, grand openings and sales and service goals. 
Improved sales outcomes through creation and delivery of detailed, up-to-date competitive information.
Introduced product/promotion sales clinics, market analysis and feedback loops to senior managers and branch employees across multi-state locations.

Vice-President, Product Manager, Communications Manager 	1997 to 1999
Revised marketing collateral for entire Illinois deposit product line to clarify customer product options.
Performed product testing, training and one-on-one customer support for new checking product targeted at wealth segment. 
Developed management process and syndication of Insurance Unit strategic marketing and communications plans.  Initiated in-branch referral program generating leads for Hartford auto insurance.

Vice-President, Segment Manager/Project Manager, Retail Segments and Products 	1994-1997
Led direct mail communications management task force for four bank conversions and new deposit product line up--managing development, syndication and approval of all direct mail communications materials; meeting timelines, mile-stone tracking; budget estimates; vendor evaluation, selection and coordination.  Initiated and led weekly task force meetings. Resulted in 93% depositor retention rate and "A+ grade" from senior management stakeholders.
Headed research work group to evaluate debit card brand.  Created framework for vendor proposal review and selection.  Lead for issue resolution, managed all group work documents, and prepared final presentation. 
Conceptualized new service and product offers for Preferred Banking targeted at top tier customers.  Defined product, service promise, customer target, staffing and support needs and marketing strategies.
Designed financial planning program to provide self service, annual "fiscal checkup".  Authored definition of process. Led target customer base and secondary market research, focus group assessment of value proposition, evaluation of software packages, planning activities and tools, and final approvals.
Led marketing team focused on 55+ customer segment.  Initiated market research and established benchmark metrics resulting in new product offers, good will and increased penetration in target segment. 
Authored new business case and presentation resulting in mutual corporate approval to open bank branches in upscale, suburban Chicago Byerly's Groceries Stores.

VP, Division Marketing Director, Community Banking	 (1990-1994) 
Developed and syndicated annual marketing plans to meet sales goals and market share growth objectives.  Researched and analyzed annual share and product penetration data tracking year to year growth and results of marketing initiatives.
Launched key marketing activities and product communications for new internet banking product.
Assisted Hispanic and African American advertising agencies to develop segment specific marketing plans.

AVP, Senior Product Manager, Community Banking Group Marketing 	(1987 to 1990) 
Manager and author of debit card product plan including framework for concept, development, introduction, marketing communications and roll-out.  Developed and implemented marketing plan introducing new debit card product covering design and production of proprietary, four color card; creation of product promotions, marketing materials, procedures and training.
Administered pricing, forecasting, marketing materials, promotions and training for Savings product line.  
Determined ATM network policy, promotion and direction as lead representative to Cash Station, Inc. Marketing Council. 

Officer-Senior Marketing Manager, Bank-At-Work, Sales and Planning 	(1984 to 1987) 
Developed and implemented comprehensive Bank-At-Work Business Plan to revive unit to top performing retail deposit gathering channel, opening over 12,000 new checking accounts per year. 

Product Manager, Service Products 	(1983 to 1984) 
Designed and developed new products--costing, production processes, systems development and marketing. 

Production Manager-Custody Services 	(1980 to 1983) 
Managed staff of 30+ to deliver safekeeping services for $10bil in assets/7M customers for securities bought/sold on trading floor. 

Unit Manager-Micrographics Unit 	(1979 to 1980) 
Headed seven person, two-shift production unit, producing and delivering daily bank records mandated by Federal regulations. 


Education
Loyola University Graduate School of Business, MBA
Michigan State University, BS, Retailing and Marketing, cum laude
Certified Financial Planning Certificate
Community Contributions
Mentor, Loyola University Graduate School of Business, Alumni Association
University of Colorado, Board Member, Parent Association, August, 2009 to present
Account Director, Taproot Foundation (pro bono consulting) August, 2009 to present.  Senior grantor volunteer and liaison to grantee--select staff volunteer team, manage project scope and schedule, ensure deliverables.
Treasurer, Village of Golf, 1997 to 2004 (Three administrations) Manage annual budget development process,
provide monthly financial analysis and reporting to Village Board. Meet state and local government reporting requirements.  Assist President/Trustees to manage financial resources.  Liaison to financial institutions.
USA Swimming Competition Official  Division and Team Parent, AYSO Soccer  Volunteer Picture Lady, Art Enrichment Program, Glenview School District 34  Member, Multi Age Primary Grade Taskforce D34

Technology and Certifications
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project and Outlook, SharePoint, Quicken, TurboTax, FDIC and bank proprietary programs
FDIC Claims Certificate, Oversight Management, Branch Manager, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities, Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities

Awards and Acheivements
FDIC Mission Acheivement Award, 2011
Received commendation from Bank One (Chase) Senior Management Team as result of management and delivery of marketing and communications materials for four bank conversions and deposit product restructuring.
Marketing participant for Harris Bank Manager Training Program--assisting in development of trainee plans for marketing training module and providing feedback within panel setting













  
    A+
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    ATM network
  
  
    Attorney
  
  
    banking
    Banking
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business case
  
  
    Business Plan
  
  
    C
  
  
    clarify
  
  
    closing
  
  
    color
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    concept
  
  
    Council
  
  
    Crisis Management
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    debit
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    direction
  
  
    edit
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Financial
    financial
  
  
    financial planning
    Financial Planning
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    Team Lead
    Team lead
  
  
    litigation
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market analysis
  
  
    marketing plan
    marketing strategies
    marketing plans
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    marketing collateral
  
  
    marketing communications
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    POS
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    producing
  
  
    project management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    research
  
  
    Retail
    retail
  
  
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Securities
    securities
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Strategy
  
  
    strategic marketing
  
  
    systems development
  
  
    trading floor
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    author
  


