
JEFFREY BRIAN CURRIER
2315 Bartlett
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77098
PH: 713-503-9833
EMAIL: jcurrier@gmail.com


Objective	An opportunity to use my technical experience and people skills to positively impact my employer and fellow employees.	

Professional Profile	Proven experience in Information Technology and customer service.  Highly organized, self-motivated, creative, visionary problem solver with attention to detail, a spirit for learning and excellent communications skills; a team player who is focused and driven.	

Employment
2004 - 2009
May - March	EDG, Inc - Houston, Texas
Systems Administrator, Foreign Offices - September 2008-March 2009
Integral IT team member providing support for EDG India, Angola and Houston offices in addition to special projects. 
Designed, developed and implemented international office infrastructure systems for EDG Inc. supporting oilfield projects in India and Angola.
Designed and implemented connectivity for remote locations - overcame extreme latencies while providing reliable data delivery and Quality of Service for Voice over IP telephony.
Implemented WAN acceleration for international offices exponentially increasing data rates across high-cost circuits - performance yields up to 15 times.
Mobility Leader - Ready to deploy across the globe to get the job done!
Deployed to remote locations to set up complete network infrastructures including Active Directory Domains, Child Domains, Firewalls, file and print servers, VOIP, redundant storage arrays and back-up systems.
IT / Document Control Coordinator - audited and managed access control lists across enterprise-wide Windows 2003 file servers with over 7 Terabytes of critical job data
Managed all satellite communications accounts including contract negotiations with foreign providers and licensing agencies.
High Definition Survey Team - January 2008-September 2008
Provided scanning, surveying, software and hardware support for HDS team.
Scanned and surveyed multiple onshore/offshore projects.
Specified and configured new storage infrastructure for HDS Department including file server with storage array and tape library.
Implemented Cyclone Enterprise License Manager.
Traveled to Pune India to troubleshoot LAN, VPN and PDMS Global License Manager issues.

IT Supervisor - January 2007-December 2007
EDG Projectos Angola, Lda - Luanda, Angola
Fulfilled one-year contract to develop, direct and manage all aspects of Information Technology infrastructure for multi-million dollar oil and gas engineering firm.
Developed and published needs assessment for new local area networking infrastructure for EDG office in Luanda, Angola.
Cultivated relationships with hardware and software vendors in Angola.  Specified, procured, installed and configured new LAN infrastructure from ground up including fileservers, domain controllers (DNS, DHCP, WINS), print servers, front end and back end Exchange servers, ISA server, redundant storage arrays, backup and antivirus solutions.
Migrated domain to new internal and external namespaces.
Developed and enforced corporate desktop, Internet and email policies and procedures.
Managed software / hardware inventories and repairs to every network attached device.
Hired, trained and provided supervision to Angolan and expatriate assistants.
Systems Administrator - May 2004-January 2007
EDG, Inc. - Houston, Texas
Managed help desk for EDG, Inc offices in Houston, Texas and Columbus, Ohio.
Managed help desk for 200-user, 12 server LAN including Windows 2003 Active Directory administration, Exchange 2003, Blackberry Server, Blackberry handhelds, backup and antivirus solutions.  Coordinated with other administrators across corporate WAN.
Maintained software / hardware inventories and repairs to all desktops, laptops.
Directed new cabling and infrastructure build-outs.
Administered Avaya Definity PBX
Traveled to Columbus, Ohio to set up site to site VPN connection and LAN infrastructure for new satellite office.  Provided both on site and remote administration to Columbus office.  
Traveled to Luanda, Angola office to perform needs assessment. Evaluated and published IT infrastructure requirements for EDG Projectos Angola.	

2003 - 2004
September - January	Edge Networks - Houston, Texas
Operations Coordinator 
Managed the activities of technical personnel for an IT integration firm. 
Scheduled and directed the activities of field technicians
Priced and specified equipment for bidding purposes.
Designed and managed the installation of new LAN and telephone systems.
Established relationships with new clients and managed existing client accounts.
Worked closely with sales and software development staff to develop new client relationships by leveraging emerging hardware and software technologies.






1996 -2003
October - September















Excel Engineering - Houston, Texas
Systems Administrator
Managed wide range of daily operations and special projects for multi-million dollar oil and gas engineering firm.
Managed all aspects of a 125-user, LAN infrastructure including Novell 4.11 administration, Windows 2000 Active Directory administration, backup and antivirus solutions, printers, plotters and repair of all network attached equipment.
Conducted migration from Novell 4.11 to Windows 2000 network infrastructure.
Managed software / hardware inventories and licensing
Administered Avaya PBX.
Implemented print tracking and billing solutions saving the company thousands of dollars, annually.
Provided CAD administration support for AutoCAD versions 12, 13, 14 and 2000 including plotting, overlay software and all desktop configurations.
Developed and enforced corporate desktop, Internet and email policies and procedures.
Managed VPN solutions for satellite offices.
Coordinated with architects, building management and contractors to oversee all aspects of an 11,000 square foot office expansion.
Rendered graphics and provided direction for company marketing materials and website.	

Education


Houston Community College
Associate of Science
Leica FieldPro Course
April 2008
University of Houston Downtown Campus 
AutoCAD 2D Course - August 2008
Global Knowledge
VMware vSphere: Install, Configure, Manage [V4] - October 2009
Configuring, Managing, and Maintaining Server 2008 R2 - May 2010
Configuring, Managing, and Troubleshooting Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 -  October 2010
Dell Compellent Administration And Advanced Management Training - April 2012




Competencies	Active Directory, Server 2003, Server 2008, Exchange 2003, Exchange 2008, Windows XP, Windows 7, VMWare 4.0, VMWare 5.0, VMWare vCenter, Dell Equallogic SAN, Dell Compellent SAN Veeam 6.0, TCP/IP, DFS, DNS, DHCP, LDAP, Symantec Backup Exec 2010, Symantec Antivirus, Scriptlogic Active Administrator, Scriptlogic File System Auditor, Forefront Antivirus, Forefront Online Protection		














  
    Active Directory
  
  
    Antivirus
    antivirus
  
  
    AutoCAD
    AutoCAD 2
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    back-up
    Backup Exec
    backup
  
  
    billing
  
  
    cabling
  
  
    CAD
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contract negotiations
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    desktops
  
  
    DHCP
  
  
    direction
  
  
    disaster recovery
  
  
    DNS
  
  
    email
  
  
    file servers
  
  
    Firewalls
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    hardware support
  
  
    help desk
  
  
    Information Technology
  
  
    ISA
  
  
    local area networking
    LAN
  
  
    laptops
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    Director
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Management Training
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    access
  
  
    Exchange
    Microsoft Exchange
  
  
    office
  
  
    Windows 7
    Windows
  
  
    Windows 2000
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    migration
  
  
    needs assessment
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    Novell 4.11
  
  
    oil
  
  
    organizing
  
  
    PBX
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    telephone systems
  
  
    plotters
  
  
    policies
  
  
    print servers
  
  
    printers
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    servers
  
  
    software development
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    telephony
  
  
    troubleshoot
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    Voice over IP
    VOIP
  
  
    VPN
  
  
    WAN
  
  
    website
  


