
ISAAC CORNELIUS ARTHUR
Saudi Arabia

						+966 3-865-4101
						+966 50-813-4025
	

SUMMARY

Accomplished, dedicated Systems Analyst and Computer Programmer with over thirty-five years experience developing and implementing large-scale computer application systems. Intimately familiar with designing systems for the on-line environment. Specific interest in trouble-shooting systems to solve current problems and prevent future problems. Have designed systems and programmed for public transportation authority, the US federal government, the retail food industry, public utility company and private national professional organization. 

Detail-oriented and thorough. Adept at all phases of system design and development including laying out databases to support system design, writing individual programs for the system, conducting unit and system testing, implementing systems, training of users and writing user guides. Experienced in providing expert support to already existing systems. Skilled in reviewing existing systems and recommending enhancements. Strong communication skills which aid in effective training.


COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE

Hardware: IBM 3370/168, IBM 3031, IBM 3084, IBM 4341, IBM 3090 and IBM z800
Systems: CICS, JCL (OS/390, z/OS, OS/MVS, DOS/VSE), ROSCOE, TSO/ISPF
Programming Languages: COBOL, BASIC, FORTRAN, RPG II, ALC
DBMS: IDMS, IMS, DATACOM, DB2, VSAM
Client-Server Environment: VBScript, SQL, Adobe Forms Designer &amp; Workflow, NEON Shadow-CICS


EXPERIENCE


Software Engineer									   July 1994 - August 1998
WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY, Washington, DC USA

Provided maintenance support and enhancements to two systems. The Enhanced Data Acquisition and Display system (EDADS) is used to collect data from station equipment in the Metro Rail system. The Electronic Farebox Register system records ridership and fares collected in the Metro Bus system. Implemented an enhancement, which was used to monitor the status of the cashbox capacity on the farecard machines in the Metro Rail system. These systems were written in COBOL and use VSAM files and DATACOM database. The on-line systems were written in Command Level CICS. 

Consultant, Systems Analysis and Programming 					      June 1985 - July 1994
MCDONALD BRADLEY, INC., Mclean, Virginia, USA
Implemented several on-line systems for the U. S. Customs Service as Lead Analyst and Programmer 

Designed and implemented the on-line Training and Enrollment Network system. System is used to maintain catalog of courses, training schedules, request for training and approval of requests by supervisors and registrars.

Designed and implemented the on-line security module of U. S. Customs' Asset Information Management System (AIMS). This module is used by the System Administrator to control user's access to AIMS.

Designed and implemented an automated travel system (CATS) for U. S. Customs officer anywhere in the continental U. S. System processes travel documents and obtains supervisor's approval. Coded all system control programs and most of the specific function application programs, and defined the database tables and keys. Used COBOL, Command Level CICS, CA DATACOM DBMS. System contained 120 programs and 70 screens.

Participated in the programming and implementation of Time and Attendance Management System (TAMS) used by U. S. Customs employees to record work hours for processing and transmission to the USDA Payroll system. Coded the largest and most complex programs in the system.

Developed an on-line transaction reporting system used by U. S. Customs Officers at all U. S. ports to record workload statistics. Data is used to prepare workload reports for U. S. Congress in support of budget proposals.

Programmed and implemented an on-line weapons and badges inventory control system used to track firearms and badges issued to U. S. Customs personnel.

Developed an error handler module used by all U. S. Customs Administrative Systems for CICS and on-line database errors

Implemented on-line systems using techniques which have been adopted and incorporated into U. S. Customs on-line system standards.

Reviewed security methods on sensitive computer-based systems at U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Prepared a report including recommendations for upgrading the security on the sensitive systems.

Modified Command Level and Macro Level CICS programs to provide communication between two premium collection systems for Pensions and Benefits Guaranty Corporation.

Participated in the design and programming of on-line work assignment system for the Bus, Rail and Station Management personnel at Washington Metropolitan Transit Authority. Used COBOL II, CICS Command Level and CA-DATACOM Relational DBMS. Wrote the programs for the major on-line functions in the system.

Participated in the conversion of a major payroll application from CICS/DATACOM DBMS to CICS/DB2.

   

Senior Programmer Analyst						          February 1983 - June 1985
COMPUTER BASED SYSTEMS, INC., Fairfax, Virginia, USA
Coordinated Housing and Urban Development (HUD) projects on IBM mainframes

Served as the Lead CICS programmer in the development of the on-line Single Family Insurance-in-Force system used in maintaining mortgage information for single-family homes. Designed and wrote the system control and system management programs. Used Command Level CICS, COBOL and IMS database. System utilized for billing and coordinating insurance claims. Received Letter of Commendation for designing and implementing the claims subsystem.  

Provided overall technical support in the areas of CICS, VSAM and IMS. Maintained all the CICS start-up JCL, updated CICS tables, moved programs from development to system acceptance testing, conducted CICS problem solving.

Conducted two CICS training courses to groups of up to 20 programmers. Designed courses and prepared training material.


Senior Programmer Analyst						    January 1980 - February 1983
GIANT FOOD, INC., Landover, Maryland, USA

Reviewed, enhanced and implemented on-line invoice verification system. The system tracked daily inventory of $2 million. System insured the accuracy of quantity and calculations. Assisted buyers with pricing decisions and also notified company of changes in product cost. System replaced an entire department which had been manually verifying invoices.

Installed, tested and implemented Uniform Communication Standard used by the grocery industry to transmit purchase orders and receive invoices by telephone in a mainframe-to-mainframe mode. Developed test plan including test criteria and test data. Commended for being the first retail grocery chain to develop increased efficiency in inventory management through the use of the system.   




Member of Technical Staff						 	       August 1978 - January 1980
SCIENCE MANAGEMENT CORPORATION, Landover, Maryland, USA

Designed and programmed interactive computer graphics software for the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Used BASIC on Tektronix 4051 hardware. Assisted in production of charts and graphs for various users. Trained non-DP users on the software.

Wrote COBOL/IDMS programs for Virginia Electric and Power Company on IBM 370/168 operating under OS/VS. 




Programmer Analyst								April 1975 - August 1978
AIR LINE PILOTS ASSOCIATION, Washington, D.C., USA

Analyzed several systems, wrote specification and wrote programs. Designed, programmed and documented an on-line update system used by the association's Membership Services Department. Developed turnkey software to assist non-DP users in the production of various reports. Also designed and programmed a Congressional District Zip Code Directory System.

As a consultant to the association, produced Summary of Agreements Reports from data stored in IDMS database utilizing Data Analyzer and COBOL/IDMS interface program. Also programmed, tested and installed a Labels and Rosters system using Data Analyzer and COBOL/IDMS programs. Wrote the association's monthly billing adjustment program, which is used to calculate membership dues, insurance premiums, assessments and insurance cancellations.





EDUCATION

B.S. with High Honors in Data Processing Management		June 1977
STRAYER COLLEGE, Washington, D. C., USA
Awarded Scholastic Achievement Award in Data Processing 

A.A. with High Honors in Accounting				June 1977
STRAYER COLLEGE, Washington, D. C., USA
Awarded Scholastic Achievement Award in Accounting  




  
    Administrative
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    AIMS
  
  
    ALC
  
  
    Arabic
  
  
    BASIC
  
  
    Benefits
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Budget
    budget
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    charts
  
  
    CICS
  
  
    Client-Server
  
  
    COBOL II
    COBOL
  
  
    CA
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE
  
  
    consultant
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    Data Acquisition
  
  
    database
  
  
    DBMS
  
  
    DATACOM
  
  
    designing
  
  
    DOS/VSE
  
  
    filling
  
  
    Forecasting
  
  
    Forms
    forms
  
  
    FORTRAN
  
  
    computer graphics
  
  
    graphs
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IBM 3090
  
  
    IBM 370
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IBM mainframes
  
  
    MVS
  
  
    IDMS
  
  
    IMS
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    inventory management
    inventory
    inventory control
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    access
  
  
    weapons
  
  
    Network
  
  
    OS
  
  
    OS/390
  
  
    OS/VS
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    processes
  
  
    programmer
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    retail
  
  
    ROSCOE
  
  
    routing
  
  
    RPG II
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Shadow
  
  
    specification
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    System Administrator
  
  
    tables
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    Transportation
  
  
    TSO/ISPF
  
  
    upgrading
  
  
    VBScript
  
  
    VSAM
  
  
    Workflow
    workflow
  
  
    written
  
  
    Zip
  


