
Coty Hutton

1250 S. Michigan Ave, #2407 Chicago, IL. 60605 Telephone # (312) 583-1604 Cell # (312) 388-1967

cotyhutton@hotmail.com 

Summary:
Excellent accounting, organization and communication skills. Ability to solve problems efficiently, research and process high volumes of invoices . The ability to process high volumes of checks and able to research deductions in a timely fashion. The ability to process high volumes of write-offs. Also, have participated in several SAP implementations and the ability to work with a team and independently. Excellent communications skills. Several years experience in accounting and finance (SAP-FICO).


Computer Skills:
Excel, PeopleSoft, AS400, Microsoft Word, Access, QuickBooks, SAP SD, SAP FI-CO, SAP Business Intelligence  4.0, 7.2 &amp; 6.0, Outlook and PowerPoint, Oracle, JD Edwards, GBMS, Salesforce.com, Avamte.

Experience:

Abbott Molecular						         12/11- Present		
 Accounting Clerk/Contractor

Responsible for uploading  documents in various systems (i.e. SAP, Salesforce, Avante etc).
Loading pricing information in Avante.
Following up with Sales Reps and customers regarding current pricing.

Hitachi Data Systems					          (06/11-12/11)

Accounts Receivable  Administrator/Consultant
Responsible for Journal Entries using SAP FICO.
Responsible maintaining Credit Files using SAP FICO.
Responsible for researching Deductions, claims resolutions etc using SAP FICO.

Responsible for pulling Debit Memos from various websites (i.e. Sears, K-Mart, Costco). Responsible for deductions on a daily basis using SAP via Internet
Transferred advertising items from SAP to Adesso system via uploading providing credits of unsalable items and doing offsets
Researched on outstanding deductions via speaking with various brokers, customer service representatives, managers etc.
Updated spreadsheets using Excel of outstanding items and providing a status reports to both brokers and analysts
Spoke with various transportations companies regarding signed Bill of Ladings, Dealing with OS&amp;D's and Purchase Orders.
Maintenance of Tax exempts records, researched tax entries.
Single point of contact for Sales Agent and maintained contact customer to let them know their status.
Implement and support the SAP BW functionality, identifying business requirements and design business process and system solutions.
Implement full lifecycles of BI functionality. Build the solutions and give training and support the business. 
 Setup and configure BI/BW applications to meet functional business requirements and processes.
Lead the BW application maintenance process ensuring system availability and quick issue resolution. 
 Design, build, test, tune and implementing BW solutions including info cubes, DSO, reports, custom extractor, process chains, deltas. Usage of Bex, BPS/IP skills are a plus.
  Leadership of external resources, remote or onsite.

Global Experience Specialist                                               	          (07/10-06/11)	
Operations Coordinator

Responsible for Pre-Sale Jobs using both GBMS and E-1.  
Responsible for making due date changes on various jobs. 
Responsible for entering materials for GES &amp; Expo Services in E-1.
Responsible for processing lost jobs in GBMS and E-1 &amp; to ensure that there was proper documentation was uploaded in the system. 
Handling different due date requests from AE's &amp; AM's
Responsible for handling Federal Express requests from various OPS Coordinators.
Responsible for uploading Change Orders for Ops Coordinators. 
Reconciling manufacturing lists at the end of the month.
Responsible for handling DWO's for Ops Coordinators &amp; giving confirmation to the Operations Coordinators.



Radio Flyer, Inc.
Accounting Assistant							(04/10 - 07/10)
Responsible for Releasing Orders using AS400
Responsible for researching Deductions, claims resolutions etc using  AS400.
Responsible for pulling Debit Memos from various websites (i.e. Wal-Mart, ToysrUS,Target).
Responsible for evaluating credit limits for existing and non-existing customers.
Updated spreadsheets using Excel of outstanding items and providing a status reports to both brokers and analysts.
Responsible for issuing credit memos to customers.
Spoke with various transportations companies regarding signed Bill of Ladings, Dealing with OS&amp;D's and Purchase Orders.
Scanned and Processed Letters of Credit for China Offices. 




Panasonic-Deductions Department, 			(04/09 - 04/10)
Accounts Receivable  Administrator
Responsible for Journal Entries using SAP FI-CO.
Responsible maintaining Credit Files using SAP FI-CO
Responsible for researching Deductions, claims resolutions etc using SAP FI-CO.
Responsible for pulling Debit Memos from various websites (i.e. Sears, K-Mart, Costco). Responsible for deductions on a daily basis using SAP FI-CO via Internet
Transferred advertising items from SAP to Adesso system via uploading providing credits of unsalable items and doing offsets
Researched on outstanding deductions via speaking with various brokers, customer service representatives, managers etc.
Updated spreadsheets using Excel of outstanding items and providing a status reports to both brokers and analysts
Spoke with various transportations companies regarding signed Bill of Ladings, Dealing with OS&amp;D's and Purchase Orders.
Maintenance of Tax exempts records, researched tax entries.
Single point of contact for Sales Agent and maintained contact customer to let them know their status.

Solo Cup Company -Sales &amp; Marketing Department (03/08 to 04/09)
Deductions Analyst/Cash Applications Specialist
Responsible for deductions on a daily basis using SAP via Internet
Transferred advertising items from SAP FI-CO to Adesso system via uploading providing credits of unsalable items and doing offsets
Researched on outstanding deductions via speaking with various brokers, customer service representatives, managers etc.
Updated spreadsheets using Excel of outstanding items and providing a status reports to both Maintenance of Tax exempt records, researched tax entries.
Single point of contact for Sales Agent and maintained contact customer to let them know their status.
brokers and analysts
Spoke with various transportations companies regarding signed Bill of Ladings, Dealing with OS&amp;D's and Purchase Orders.
Responsible for cash applications on a daily basis using SAP FI-CO
Processed checks that were unapplied, on account, partial applied, or unprocessed in the excess of 50 million dollars per day also responsible for letter of credit for various customers

J.T. Ryerson Steel-Accounts Receivables Department, (1/06 - 3/08)
Cash Applications Specialist 
Responsible for cash applications on a daily basis using both AS400 and SAP FI-CO  systems via Internet
Responsible for lockbox transactions EFT wires, credit cards and other monetary transactions, paying statement balance, FIFO accounts in excess of $100 million daily
Transferred intercompany monies between AS400, Lawson, and SAP computer systems via journal entries and Excel spreadsheets

Siemens Building Technologies-Accounts Receivables Department, (10/05 - 1/06) 
Accounting Assistant III
Responsible for cash application on a daily basis using both Oracle and SAP FI-CO systems via Internet
Responsible for EFT wires, credit cards, paying statement balance and FIFO accounts in the excess of $14 million daily

United Stationers-Accounts Receivables Department, (1/05 - 10/05) 
Cash Applications Specialist
Responsible for cash application on a daily basis, using  SAP program and PNC bank via the Internet
Responsible for paying statement balance and FIFO accounts in the excess of $2-3 million daily

ARPAC Group-Accounts Receivables Department, (10/04 - 01/05) 
Credit Analyst
Managed commercial collections and reviews for new and existing customers using Dun &amp; Bradstreet and Hoovers for client references
Documented collection calls with clients through Great Plaines collection management
Posted cash applications using PeopleSoft updated spreadsheets daily, monthly, and yearly sales of shrink wrapping machines using Excel spreadsheets
Billed clients daily for various parts and equipment
Handled resolutions for billing disputes, interfacing with Sales and Account Managers regarding prompt payment

System Parking, Inc.-Accounting Department 		March 1999 - September 2004
Billing/Payroll Manager 
Responsible for invoicing of 2,000 customers at Rush University Medical Center
Received incoming payments and credited to proper accounts
Posted payments and prepared bank deposits on daily basis, ensured that proper documentation was provided on accounts
Net collection was in amount of $20 million; the average billing cycle each month was approximately $70,000.00
Responsible for managing an 8,000 stall garage and 40 employees, including attendants, cashiers &amp; office staff
In charge of mediation of salaries, union issues, disciplinary actions, payroll issues, accounts payables etc.  
Processed payroll for 400 hourly and salaried employees
Updated both payroll and billing on PeopleSoft software
Handled all child support, garnishments, levies and bankruptcy orders
Notified proper garnishee if order could not be compiled with
Reconciled payroll gross to net activity on a weekly basis
Monitored all requests to ensure deductions were in accordance with the order as well as federal/state laws
Updated employee maintenance, reviewed employee time policies, final payouts to terminated employees, processed short term disability payments, time entry and adjustments
Completed journal entries of parking fees, financial statements, month -end, quarterly, and year end reports
Completed city, and Cook County sales tax reports

Education
Roosevelt University
Accounting, September 1986 -June 1991
               
Advanced Computer Training	
               SAP Business Intelligence and SAP Sales &amp; Distribution, August 2011- Current



  
    accounts payables
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    balance
  
  
    billing
  
  
    BI
    Business Intelligence  4.0
    Business Intelligence
  
  
    business process
  
  
    com
  
  
    Computer Training
  
  
    Credit
    credit
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Debit
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Dun
  
  
    financial statements
  
  
    functional
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    IP
  
  
    JD Edwards
  
  
    Lawson
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Letters
  
  
    managing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mediation
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel spreadsheets
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    OS
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    speaking
  
  
    Express
  
  
    quick
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    Reconciling
  
  
    researching
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    SAP BW
  
  
    SAP FI
  
  
    SAP SD
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    Tax
    tax
  
  
    websites
  


