
DEBORAH  LEWIS POINTDUJOUR

100 HUGUENOT AVENUE. 							(C) 201-774-0061
ENGLEWOOD, NJ 07631. 						DEBRA_LP@HOTMAIL.COM
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Diligent and resourceful professional offering competency within the full range of administrative/public management procedures. Capably handles competing demands for time and attention while maintaining a positive and approachable demeanour. Articulate communicator with solid interpersonal skills across all levels and backgrounds. Combines a client-focused work ethic with proactive problem solving strengths. Enthusiastic team player with quick-study capabilities, appreciated by others for willingly stepping up to any challenge. 

Core Competencies:
Computer:  MS Office Suite, Adobe, Lexis-Nexus, Photoshop, Google Projects, Internet research


Public and Community Relations	
Administrative Support
Project Management	
Confidentiality Assurance

Graphic Presentation
Marketing Relations
Workload  Pritization	
Contract Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Minzel &amp; Associate Inc. New York
Assistant Staffing Coordinator 				          		 6/2009 - 12/2010
Verified document for job placement; maintained, review and revised contracts for employment. Established and maintained database of active job positions, clients and potential employees. Prepared bi-weekly reports on case status to ensure effective management of all completed and outstanding contract issues and projects.
Attended and participated in bi-weekly management meetings offering fact based opinions on marketing strategies to solicit new clients and practical steps to resolve difficult cases in accordance with established policies, guidance and precedence. 
Prepared a variety of written material, such as, response to inquiries, reports, proposals and recommended case resolution, process and policy overviews and other substantive program materials. 

Guyana Telephone &amp; Telegraph Company					
(Subsidiary of Atlantic Tele - Network Inc, headquartered in Beverly, Massachusetts)

Communication Coordinator (Public Relations Department)			  11/2000 - 04/2009	
Assisted the Director with coordinating activities for the communication department.
Cultivated and sustained strategic client relationships, fostering loyalty to the company's good and services.
Spearheaded all project and advertising requirements, managing the process from concept to final print.
Developed innovative public relation initiatives to increase recognition and credibility of the Guyana Telephone &amp; Telegraph Company.
Created advertising concept/ innovative methods to leverage the existing services and increase awareness for new services. 
Drafted and oversaw the production of impact-rich radio and television advertisements, brochures, custom awareness, jingles, flyers, logo designs, and stationery. 
Integrated branding into conference collateral such as eye-catching booth designs and banners.
Coordinated tours of the company's facilities, exhibition and fairs.  


Employee Benefits Coordinator (HR Department) 			   	 06/1987 - 10/2000	
Administered vacation, emergency leave, health and life insurance benefit programs for 640 employees.
Delivered oral presentations on benefit packages for health, dental, vision, and life insurance to new employees. 
Prepared and processed insurance reimbursement payments. Responded to written and telephone requests from employees for benefit changes and updates.
Prepared daily updates to insurance agent for dental, vision, and life. 
Compiled, analyzed and presented reports for health, dental, vision, life and workers' compensation. 
Planned organized and coordinated logistical and administrative functions for the benefits section. 

EDUCATION
Masters in Public Administration,  2012,  Fairleigh Dickinson University, Teaneck, NJ.
Bachelor of Science (Communication), 2001,  University of Guyana, Guyana, South America.
AWARDS/AFFILIATIONS
Fairleigh Dickinson University Alumni				2/2012
Pi Alpha Alpha - National Public Administration Honoree, 	5/2011
Multiple Sclerosis Association - volunteer			1/2011 - 12/2011
Arthritis Foundation - Advocate					1/2011 - 12/2011		



  
    administrative
  
  
    Administrative Support
    administrative support
  
  
    Adobe
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    advertisements
    advertising
  
  
    Alpha
  
  
    banners
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    branding
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    bi
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    oral
  
  
    Community Relations
  
  
    concept
  
  
    contracts
    Contract Management
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    database
  
  
    Graphic
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Lexis
  
  
    logo
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing strategies
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    MS Office Suite
  
  
    Network
    networking
  
  
    Internet research
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    radio
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Telephone
    telephone
  
  
    television
  
  
    vision
  
  
    workshops
  
  
    written
  


