
Maranita B. Peterson
DOB: 02/18/1964
Address: 1018 Estates Village Lane
Richmond, VA 23226
Cell: 804-357-8232
Email: mbp021865@gmail.com

	

WORK HISTORY/EXPERIENCE:		

Nuance Communications, Inc.
1 Wayside Road
Burlington, MA 01803
(781)565-5000
6/2010 - 9/2011
Hours per week:  40+ hours
Employment Status:  Full-time

Application Consultant

Duties:
*	Travels to other company locations/cities and to customer sites to conduct functional
and technical application training with physicans and office/hospital administrative staff
on PowerScribe which is a speech recognized dictation application  integrated/interfaced
with hospital PACS/RIS/HIS (Picture Archiving and Communication System/Radiology
Information System/Health Information System) that uploads to the appropriate EHR
(Electronic Health Record) . 
*	Resolves customer's application questions or problems in the area of system
configuration/setup, and product functionality. This includes referral and interfacing to
appropriate configuration/setup, and product functionality.  This includes referral and
interfacing to appropriate Nuance departments for followup, testing, and troubleshooting. 
*	Provide guidance, expertise, and consulting to customer's end users in the assessment
of application design, application use /efficiency, and training needs.
*	Maintains billable hours at or above current minimum requirements and completes data
entry requirements.
*	Provides written analysis of all customer interactions outlining customer's issues,
concerns, successes and forwards to internal Nuance team consisting of Project Manager
/Implementation Consultant , Implementation Services Manager, sales, support and posts in
appropriate  website. 
*	Maintains up-to-date advanced knowledge for all defined core products as defined for
this level and assigned specialized products. 
*	Ability to create appropriate presentations in PowerPoint and deliver at customer
executive level. 
*	Resolve product/software problems utilizing technical support services when necessary
via onsite, telephone , both verbally and through remote communication.  
*	Superior written, oral, and presentation abilities with excellent communication and
interpersonal skills required. 
*	Advanced knowledge of PC, software, hardware, telephony and operating system skills for
training, testing and troubleshooting required.
*	Proficient in MS OS, MS Office, PC Advanced literacy, Telephony, Basic Networking,
Database. 
*	Making appropriate online travel arrangements throughout U.S. and Canada with travel to
customer site overnight 95% of the time or greater. 

Supervisor's Name: Lori DiLauro    Supervisor's Phone: 888-471-3463   

CJW Medical Center (Chippenham Campus) 
Jahnke Road
Richmond, VA 23225
(804)320-3911
6/2007 - 6/2010
Hours per week:  40-50 hours
Employment Status: Full-time

PowerScribe/eScription Application Administrator

Duties:  
*	Member of Transcription Services Department Project Management Team developed for
planning and implementation of eScription and PowerScribe applications (voice recognized
dictation application systems) for Capital Division HCA Hospitals. 
*	Assist the Transcription Lead in reviewing the quality and turnaround time of external
transcription outsource services.
*	Compares transcription service invoices to actual work amounts (typically the visual
black character counts) received to verify appropriate billing and payment of
transcription outsource services.
*	Compares the transcription outsource service contract terms with the invoices received
against the quality findings and actual turnaround times by report type to verify accurate
billing and payment of services.
*	Assists the Transcription Manager or Lead in allocating work to the transcription
outsource service for completion.
*	Assists with daily NMI interface monitoring which includes resolving any errors or
rejections to RIS/HIS Order Entry reports crossing the gateway.
*	Works RIS/HIS and other system interface report rejection queues and edit routines as
required. Corrects report demographics as needed.
*	Responds to requests and other inquiries from customers.
*	Runs statistical and management reports as needed and aggregates performance
statistics.
*	Assists with the completion or routing of work assignments within the transcription
work queues as required.
*	Coordinate all necessary training activities for customer sites and the Richmond market
to assure that annual and daily operating procedures/plans are followed.
*	Maintain the transcription training policy and procedure manuals for HCA facilities. 
*	Participate in evening and weekend pager rotation. 
*	Possessing understanding of HIPAA and the doctrine of healthcare confidentiality as
well as Joint Commission Standards and Regulations.
*	Trains and supports physicians in the use of eScription and PowerScribe voice
recognized dictation application and its supported hardware. 
*	Provide Editor/Transcriptionist training as well as provide technical support such as
to Transcription Services, physician, and hospital staff.
*	Work with multiple HCA department system administrators to follow up on eScription and
PowerScribe application issues, password resets, etc.
*	Runs and investigates daily crystal report lists to follow up on unsigned medical
reports, duplicate reports, exams not in status for upload and as a result not accessible
to medical staff for patient care, re-uploading reports as appropriate. 
*	Follows through on the eScription and PowerScribe application daily management tasks.
*	Testing, education and system management of all Transcription Services application
upgrades. 


Supervisor's Name: Carol Spickerman Supervisor's Phone: 804-320-3911 



CJW Medical Center (Chippenham Campus) 
Jahnke Road
Richmond, VA 23225
(804)320-3911
3/2001 - 6/2007
Hours per week:  32 hours
Employment Status:  Full-time

MEDICAL RECORDS  EDITOR/TRANSCRIPTIONIST

DUTIES:
*	Transcribing and editing acute care, Radiology, and diagnostic testing dictation for
HCA Richmond Division Hospitals and Satellite Offices meeting daily deadlines and required
productivity standards.
*	Gather, interprets, and utilizes information for editing and transcription of medical
records based on knowledge of the physician's, dictation, views, and desires, exercising
initiative and independence in editing, transcribing, and composing correspondence,
memoranda, and medical reports requesting or furnishing information in connection with the
various activities of the office, diagnosis, ect.., thus relieving the supervisor of as
many details as possible.  In the absence of the supervisor, assumes responsibility of
informing the status of medical reports, and delegation of requests to appropriate
personnel.  In urgent situations such as critical diagnosis, determines when the
supervisor or physician should be contacted to make a policy or critical medical decision
or determination. 

Supervisor's Name: Carol Spickerman Supervisor's Phone: 804-320-3911


HENRICO DOCTORS' HOSPITAL 
FOREST AVENUE
RICHMOND, VA 23229
(804) 289-4510
4/1989 - 9/1998
Hours per week:  40 hours
Employment Status: Full-time

Medical Secretary/Transcriptionist

Duties:
*	Receives incoming telephone calls and personal callers, greets visitors/patients and
directs them to appropriate departmental staff. 
*	Provides information on own initiative on such matters as scheduling patients, patient
intake, create, modify, and maintain central filing system to facilitate efficient
location of medical reports, transcription of acute care medical dictation into a
Microsoft Word based application. Record keeping involving patient, staff, and appropriate
educational information 
*	Reviews incoming mail and determines whether it requires the attention of the
supervisors or managers, and others or whether it should be referred to physicians;
attaches medical records or files, any correspondence on communications; and follow up
pending communications to ensure timely reply.  Upon review of incoming correspondence, as
needed, assigns action to appropriate staff member. 
*	Procure and distribute all necessary supplies and equipment for office. 
*	Compose and/or review, and edits outgoing correspondence and memoranda prepared by
physicians, managers, supervisors, and others signature for conformance with established
company and HIPAA policy.   
*	Responsible for establishing and maintaining office files of physicians and
management's reference and correspondence.  Makes decisions regarding the material that
should be filed, discarded, and/or archived in accordance with company, departmental, and
HIPPAA policy or regulations. 

Supervisor's Name: Doris Prince, Supervisor's Phone: 804-289-4510

EDUCATION:

Axia College/University of Phoenix 
Attended 6/2007 - 1/2009
Information Technology
GPA:  2.93

SPECIAL SKILLS:

*	Proficient in utilization and training  of Lanier dictation/transcription hardware. 
*	Proficient in utilization and training of PowerScribe and eScription speech recognition
dictation software applications and supported hardware.
*	Extensive experience interpreting and transcribing written and dictated medical
terminology. 
*	Extensive experience with Microsoft Office 2003-2007/XP to include Excel, Access,
Outlook, Word, and Powerpoint. 
*	Minimum typing speed of over 75 wpm.

REFERENCES MADE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST







  
    account management
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    application design
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    billing
  
  
    excellent communication
    interpersonal skills
    oral
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consultant
    consultation
    consulting
  
  
    crystal report
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    data
entry
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    diagnosis
  
  
    dictation
  
  
    editing
    edit
    Editor
  
  
    filing
  
  
    functional
  
  
    gateway
  
  
    information security
  
  
    market
  
  
    medical
terminology
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    MS Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
    Powerpoint
  
  
    Word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    Works
  
  
    Networking
  
  
    OS
    operating system
  
  
    Order Entry
  
  
    PACS
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Prince
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    project plans
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Record keeping
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    RIS
  
  
    routing
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    speech
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    Supervisor
    supervisor
  
  
    system
configuration
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    Telephony
    telephone
    telephony
    Phone
  
  
    Transcription
    transcription
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    typing speed
    type
  
  
    upgrades
    upgrade
  
  
    website
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    written
  


