
KIMYATTA S. WRIGHT EVANS
1533 NW 91st Avenue. Apt. 725
 Coral Springs, Florida 33071
(954) 757-4611 Home / (954) 214-3038 Cell
 kbevans2@yahoo.com


OBJECTIVE:	A managerial position in Catering/Convention Services in the Charlotte Metropolitan Area which will utilize my training, experience and education, while providing opportunities for professional and personal growth.

EXPERIENCE:			

May 2005 - May 2007		EMBASSY SUITES DEERFIELD BEACH RESORT
				Restaurant Concepts, Inc., Deerfield Beach, Florida, Director of Catering
Solicit, respond to inquiries and coordinate weddings, bar/bat mitzvahs, school and family reunions, local corporate meetings and other social functions.  Consult with representatives of client, group or organization, preferred vendors and hotel staff to plan all specifications of the event(s).  Manage Catering and Banquets Departments for over 11,000 square feet of flexible meeting space, banquet space and food &amp; beverage outlets for catered events.  Solicit new and repeat business through direct sales calls, walk-in requests, promotional materials and industry trade shows.  


Mar 2005 - May 2005		HOLIDAY INN PLANTATION
				Magna Hospitality, Plantation, Florida, Catering Manager
Solicited, responded to inquiries and coordinated weddings, school and family reunions in addition to other social functions.  Consulted with group or organization representatives, vendors and hotel staff to plan all specifications of the event(s).  Solicited new and repeat business through outside and direct sales calls.  Responsible for 17,000 square feet of flexible meeting and banquet space for catered events.  


Nov 2002- Mar 2005		MICCOSUKEE RESORT &amp; CONVENTION CENTER
				Miccosukee Tribe of Indians, Miami, Florida, Catering Manager
Solicited, responded to inquiries and coordinated weddings, school and family reunions, local corporate meetings and other social functions.  Consulted with client representatives, preferred and prospective vendors to plan all specifications of the event(s).  Consulted with resort, hotel, country club, marketing and advertisement staff to plan all pertinent details of the event(s).  Solicited new and repeat business through direct sales calls and promotional materials.  Managed Catering Department and over 46,000 square feet of flexible meeting space, banquet space, food and beverage outlets for catered events.  Booked over $500,000 in sales per year during my tenure with the company.


Mar 2001- Nov 2002		HOLIDAY INN BOCA RATON TOWN CENTER
Quorum Hotels &amp; Resorts, Boca Raton, Florida, Acting Director of Sales &amp; Marketing
Developed business leads, solicited potential clients, serviced existing accounts, sold all hotel facilities to meet and exceed sales goals for rate, occupancy and revenue.  Directed and managed all group, transient and catering /banquet sales activities to maximize revenue for hotel.  Prepared, implemented and compiled data for Sales Plan, Monthly strategic reports, annual goals, sales budget, forecasts and other reports as directed /required. Actively participate in sales presentations, property tours and customer meetings.  

Page 2				


Mar 2000- Mar 2001		HOLIDAY INN BOCA RATON TOWN CENTER
Quorum Hotels &amp; Resorts, Boca Raton, Florida, Sales &amp; Catering Manager
Solicited, responded to inquiries and coordinated corporate meetings and social functions.  Consulted with group or organizational representatives, vendors and hotel staff to plan all details of function.  Solicited new business through direct sales calls, promotional materials and attended local community and trade organizations.  Responsible for booking group rooms for all social functions and small meetings.  

Mar 1999- Mar 2000		Sales Coordinator
Assistant to the Director of Sales &amp; Marketing, Director of Food &amp; Beverage and Sales Managers. Responsibilities included all departmental administrative duties, responded to inquiries and coordinated corporate meetings.  Prepared and distributed monthly Reports for the Sales Department.   

Nov 1998- Mar 1999		Administrative Assistant
Assistant to the Director of Sales &amp; Marketing, Director of Food &amp; Beverage and Sales Managers.  Handled all administrative duties for the Sales &amp; Catering Department.  Exposed to aspects of Marketing and Conference Services.	  


Mar 1998- Nov 1998		ARAMARK, Mt. Washington Conference Center
Baltimore, Maryland, Administrative Assistant
Assistant to the Director of Sales &amp; Marketing, Director of Catering, Sales Managers and Catering Sales Managers.  Handled all administrative duties for the Sales &amp; Catering Department. Exposed to aspects of Marketing and Conference Planning.	


Aug 1997 - Mar 1998		EMBASSY SUITES HOTEL
Hunt Valley, Maryland, Administrative Assistant
Assistant to the Director of Sales &amp; Marketing, Director of Catering &amp; Meeting Services and Sales Managers.   Handled administrative duties for the Sales &amp; Catering Department. Exposed to aspects of Marketing and Hotel Management.


June 1996 - Aug 1997		DAVID J. MUNSON AGENCY
State Farm Insurance, Ellicott City, Maryland, Staff Assistant
Assistant to Agent and Office Manager.  Responsible for managing office in absence of Agent and Office Manager.


Sep 1995 - June 1996		VITAL SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.
Baltimore, Maryland, Administrative Assistant
Assistant to the President, CEO, Contract Administrator, Operations Manager and Personnel Manager.  Assisted in the initial screening process for security and meter reader applicants. Exposure to aspects of Human Resource Management, Accounting and Contract Administration.  Assisted in the payroll process.  Responsible for invoicing all clientele.


June - Sept. 1995		ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR
Glen Burnie, Maryland,	Management Trainee	
Assistant to all management personnel.
 
EDUCATION:			Bachelor of Science in Psychology with Human Resource Management Minor 

COMPUTER SKILLS:	Software: STS, Sales Pro 8.0, Sales Pro, Daylight for Catering, Optimum Settings, AS400 LMS, Microsoft Windows XP 2007, Works, Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook, Acrobat Reader, Internet.
Hardware: Apple Mac, HP, Dell and IBM PC and Compatible.

REFERENCES:			Professional and personal references furnished upon request.



  
    Accounting
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Acrobat Reader
  
  
    AS400
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    Contract Administration
  
  
    clientele
    client
    clients
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    direct sales
  
  
    HP
  
  
    Human Resource
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Apple Mac
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Windows XP
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Works
  
  
    Office Manager
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    IBM PC and Compatible
  
  
    Personnel
    personnel
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    promotional materials
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    trade shows
  


