
                 Kwabena Kumi
Phone: (773) 677-4496                  E-Mail: kumi.kwabena@gmail.com

Objective- To be a key asset and hard worker while utilizing my knowledge, skills and abilities to ensure the growth and prosperity of the company in office and for life. 

Experience

Camera Man          (May 2010- Nov.2010)
Recording, filming and editing of services.
Food Pantry           (March 2011- present)
Collection and distribution of food, Information- knowledge of supply, stocking, Truck unloader. 
Cubs Parking Enforcement   Seasonal (Sept 2007&amp; May 2008)
Director of traffic, designated parking authority.
Maintenance            (July 2004-June 2005)
Maintaining the organization and cleanliness of public facilities.

NORC Sept. 2008
Telephone Interviewer
Data Entry
Computer information processing
WALMART Nov. 2011- Present
CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE
Cashier
Customer Service
Merchandising
Stocking 
Maintenance
Training 
Education 

Robert Morris University (Sept. 2006- June 2007)
Graphic Design and applied sciences 
ITT Technical Institute 	
Visual Communications

Pursuing a Bachelors in Business Management and Marketing

Computer skills: Experienced in all Microsoft Word programs as well as the CS5 Design Suite- (Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, and Dream weaver)

Dear Hiring Executive;

I have attached my resume for your review and consideration regarding the position as a representative of your company. I am a very creative, out going, friendly and coachable individual, who is willing to learn and accomplish any goals sat in front of me, or that I set for myself. Therefore I am enthusiastically expressing my interest in this position.

Being a team player and more often a team leader, is one of several qualities I can offer your company. Other professional qualities include: computer hardware and software literacy- Experience in all Microsoft Word programs as well as design programs: Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, and Dreamweaver; also, excellent organizational, problem solving and interpersonal communication skills.

Thank you for reviewing and considering my resume for this position. I look forward to exchanging ideas with you concerning the position and more positive contributions I would offer as a member of your organization.

Sincerely,

Kwabena Kumi



  
    Photoshop
  
  
    CD
  
  
    interpersonal communication
  
  
    computer hardware
  
  
    copying
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    Dreamweaver
    Dream weaver
  
  
    editing
  
  
    Event Planning
  
  
    Hiring
  
  
    Illustrator
  
  
    Indesign
  
  
    team leader
  
  
    Merchandising
  
  
    all Microsoft
  
  
    Word
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    Photography
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    Recording
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    team player
  
  
    Website Design
  


