
Sunil S. Dasanagadde
4336 Fairlands Dr Pleasanton, CA 94588
email : sunilshenoy@gmail.com
Cell : 408 891 8860

Skill Summary
    14+ years experience design, development and testing of software for dynamic start-ups.
    Expertise in developing web, desktop and enterprise applications using NET/C#, C/C++ and
       Qt, VB, Java, JSP, ASP.
    Proficient in design and development of robust, scalable client/server side applications.
    Excellent communication skills and demonstrated ability to deliver on time.

Technologies:
   Languages:                 .NET/C#, C, C++, Java, Visual Basic, PL/SQL
   Server Side:               ASP, PHP, JSP, ASP.NET, ODBC/JDBC
   Client Side:               HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, VB Script
   Operating Systems:         Windows 7/XP/NT/95, Unix/Linux
   Web Technologies/Services: Web Services, SOAP, XML/XSL/XSLT, WSDL, AJAX
   Web/App Servers:           DICOM, Windows 2000, MS SQL Server, MS IIS, Apache.
   Databases:                 Interbase, MS SQL, MySQL, Oracle 7x/8x, MS Access.
   IDE:                       Visual Studio .NET, Visual Studio 6, Qt, JBuilder
   Source Controls:           TFS, Perforce, CVS, VSS

Education
      BE in Mechanical Engineering, Mysore University                                   1992-1996

Work History

Vidient Systems, Inc. [Santa Clara, CA]                                Dec. 2004 &#173; Jan 2009
Designation : Contract Software Engineer
Environment : C++, C, Qt, Java, JSP,HTML, JavaScript, Web Services, GoAhead Embedded Server,
              SOAP, XML/XSLT, WSDL, MySQL, Visual Studio .NET 2003, Perforce/CVS, Adobe
              Photoshop, Windows XP/2003, Linux.

Vidient SmartCatch is an intelligent video surveillance and analytics system that actively recognizes
and analyzes complex human behaviors and identifies objects. The software then provides
actionable, real-time alerts so that appropriate preventative measures can be taken by on-site
personnel as well as local emergency system providers. As a part 3 member UI team, designed and
developed various UI modules/widgets of the SmartCatch Administration and Alert Viewer consoles
using the Qt Application Framework/C++ and developed java based web services for the
SmartCatch server.

Key Achievements (Design and Development):
       Created demux and codec modules for VLC media player to handle Vidient Metadata
       payload.
       Web configuration interface for the Vidient IVR2400, a high performance network appliance
       with built-in SmartCatch Video Analytics.
       Region of Interest Editor Widget, a graphic tool used to configure behaviors.
       Calibration Editor used to calibrate cameras for the SmartCatch surveillance system and the
       Master Slave Calibration Editor that is used to configure the master and slave PTZ cameras
       fro Active Tracking.
       Wizards to create and configure static and PTZ cameras, behaviors and escalations.
       SmartCatch Alert Viewer Widgets to monitor the alerts, videos and active maps.
       Web based alert monitoring system using JSP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
       Involved in the development of java web services and data access objects.


Knowmadic, Inc. [Santa Clara, CA]                              Dec. 1999 &#173; Oct. 2004
Designation :     Software Engineer
Environment :     .NET/C#, Java, VB 6, HTML, DHTML, ASP, JavaScript, , Visual Studio .NET,
                  Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop, MS Frontpage, MS SQL Server 2000,
                  Windows NT/2000/XP

Knowmadic Inc. specializes in Enterprise Data and Process integration products. Its flagship
products, The Knowmadic Foundation and Knowmadic On Demand, were well embraced by Fortune
100 energy companies. The technology uses BPEL to ease the challenges of Process and Data
integration.

Key Achievements:
    Implemented the Scoped View module for the Foundation studio that schematically presents
      the process flow of a Knowmadic application using .NET/C#.
    Designed and implemented the Automated User Interface module that generates WinForms
      and its controls dynamically based on XML inputs in .NET/C#. The automated UI was
      extensively used to configure the inputs to the activities in the Knowmadic development
      platform.
    Implemented the Navigation and Extraction Editors for the components used for automated
      website navigation and content extraction using .NET/C#.
      Implemented the Web Service Import Wizard that enables the users to conveniently import
      WebServices and selectively create Knowmadic components to the corresponding operations
      in the WebService using .NET/C#.
      Involved in designing the user-friendly wizards for configuring the Foundation Studio
      components and Implemented them using .NET/C#.
      Gathered requirements and developed a Pilot Knowmadic applications and JSP pages for
      presenting the functionality of the Knowmadic products.
      Provided troubleshooting support to the support team and the clients directly as required.
      Implemented the Java UIs using Swing for the On Demand components that required
      interaction with the java based On Demand Server.
      Implemented the administration interface for the On Demand Server using JSP.
      Enhanced the UI for the desktop Excel client, which was built using VC++.
      Conducted design sessions and implemented the OnTap administration interface for the
      OnTap server using ASP. OnTap was later productized as On Demand after the server was
      re-architectured and implemented using Java.
      Implemented the Database Connectivity Wizard using Microsoft ADO; that enabled users to
      conveniently create Knowmadic components that interact with the tables and stored
      procedures of the SQL Server, Oracle, DB2 and MS Access databases using VB6.
      Implemented the Web Service Import Wizard that enabled users to conveniently create
      Knowmadic components that interact with the Web Services using VB6.
      Developed the administration interface for the Knowmadic Server using ASP with MS SQL
      Server/MSDE backend database.
      Involved in the development of the PDF recorder using VB 6 which enabled users to extract
      data from PDF documents in a structured form by defining patterns using easy to use User
      Interfaces and the recorder internally converted the patterns to regular expressions.
      Developed the company website.


Reinformatic Comp. Corp., [Corona, NY]                            Sep. 1999 &#173; Dec. 1999
Designation :    Web Master
Environment :    JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, ASP, Cold Fusion 4.0, Adobe Photoshop,
                 Macromedia Flash, MS Frontpage, Ulead GIF Animator, Macromedia Flash,
                 DreamWeaver, Apache, Unix

Key Achievements:
    Conceptualized and developed the site www.AllConnection.com.
    Customized the site with client side Java Scripting with HTML and DHTML coding.
    Supervised a team of 3 designers in design and integration of user activity.
    Created graphics and animations, Banners through Adobe PhotoShop and GIF Animator.
    Data migration from the flat files to access database to work in coordination with Cold
      Fusion.


Mody Consultancy Services, Inc. [Flushing, NY]                      Feb. 1999 &#173; Sep. 1999
Designation :    Web Developer
Environment :    Java, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, CGI-Perl, Visual Java Caf&#233;, Cold Fusion
                 3.0,Adobe Photoshop, Adobe ImageReady, MS FrontPage, ULead GIF
                 Animator ,Macromedia Flash, DreamWeaver.

Key Achievements:
    Conceptualized and developed Interactive Web Sites using JavaScript, Netscape Composer
      and FrontPage.
    Integrated the database using Cold Fusion 3.
    Created Applets coded in Java.
    Created animated movies using Macromedia Flash.
      Created graphics and animations, Banners through Adobe PhotoShop and GIF Animator.
      Website developed: systec-International.com, indiasquare.com, sdata.net,
      dsignarchitects.com, cafespice.com.


Personal Project:

www.cricbay.com                                                       Mar. 2002 &#173; Present
Environment: ASP, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, IIS Server, MS SQL 2000 Server

CricBay is a non-profit organization established in March 2006 which fosters cricket in San
Francisco Bay Area. Entirely designed and developed the website www.cricbay.com which includes
extensive cricket statistics, discussion forum, user/role, team management and other features
essential for managing a Cricket league.


References
  Professional and personal references will be provided upon request.



  
    .NET
    .net
    ASP.NET
  
  
    ADO
  
  
    Adobe
              Photoshop
    Adobe PhotoShop
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    Apache
  
  
    Applets
  
  
    ASP
  
  
    Banners
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    Calibration
    calibration
  
  
    CGI-Perl
  
  
    client/server
  
  
    Cold Fusion 4.0
    Cold Fusion
    Cold
      Fusion
    Cold Fusion 3
  
  
    com
  
  
    Excellent communication
  
  
    CA
  
  
    content
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    CVS
  
  
    Data migration
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    designing
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    Doors
  
  
    DreamWeaver
  
  
    Editor
  
  
    features
  
  
    Macromedia Flash
  
  
    MS FrontPage
    MS Frontpage
    FrontPage
  
  
    GIF Animator
  
  
    graphics
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    Adobe ImageReady
  
  
    Installshield
  
  
    Interbase
  
  
    MS IIS
  
  
    IVR
  
  
    Java
    java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScript
    Java Scripting
  
  
    JBuilder
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    managing
  
  
    access
    access database
    MS Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Windows 2000
    2000
  
  
    NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Windows 7/XP
    Windows XP
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Netscape Composer
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    Navigation
    navigation
  
  
    network
  
  
    OCT
  
  
    ODBC
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle 7
  
  
    PDF
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    cameras
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    presenting
  
  
    profit
  
  
    coding
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    San
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    MS SQL
      Server
    MS SQL Server
    MS SQL
    SQL Server
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    structured
  
  
    Swing
  
  
    tables
  
  
    team management
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    ULead GIF
                 Animator
    Ulead GIF Animator
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    User Interface
  
  
    VB Script
  
  
    Video
    video
  
  
    View
  
  
    Visual Basic
    VB
  
  
    VB 6
    VB6
  
  
    VC++
  
  
    Visual Studio 6
    Visual Studio
  
  
    Website
    website
    Web Sites
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSL
  
  
    XSLT
  


