
Gina O'Connell
14 Fleetwood Drive   ~   New Fairfield, CT  06812
203-994-2250 (cellular)    ~   203-746-7751 (home) 		
ginaoconnell43@yahoo.com


Mission Statement:  To secure a position which fully utilizes my marketing education, business experience, passion, entrepreneurial creativity and analytical skills while leveraging my business acumen.  

Executive Summary:  An energetic professional, who has been successful at creating, executing and reviewing synchronized direct marketing and communications campaigns; was a core member of the international marketing managers of a software organization; owned a small business; managed international and partnership marketing efforts; held direct sales and field positions with minimal supervision.  A polished public speaker who regularly speaks to large groups. 


Project Graphics New Milford, CT
Account Executive				 	  		    January, 2008- December, 2008
Business to Business direct manufacturer of imprinted fabrics. 
*Responsible for increasing corporate revenue and positioning via direct sales to corporate, retail and national accounts.  
*Utilized a vertical marketing strategy to infiltrate not for profit; corporate and retail accounts. 
*Secured national accounts ~ Lands' End; The American Cancer Society; Arnie's Army Battles Cancer.
*Created and delivered fax blasts and e-blasts to prospects and customers.   
*Developed digital presentations to share with key prospects which augmented sample books.   

Godiva Chocolatier New York, NY			      		 September, 2004 - December, 2007
Account Coordinator 
Worldwide Business to Consumer manufacturer and distributor of luxury confections. 
*Responsible for product representation and direct interaction with store management at individual retail stores within a specific geographic region. 
*Increased revenue in assigned territory 12% (to over $650,000). 
*Designed "MOS" form to assist in tracking and communicating MOS to field; implemented corporate wide.
*Conducted group and one-on-one initial and ongoing training of retail personnel. 

Indom Corporation Somers, NY	 				    November, 1998 - August, 2001
President
Start-up coffeehouse; internet caf&#233;; edible gift baskets.		  		
*Responsible for development and direction of company/product line as well as all day-to-day activities. 
*Researched &amp; selected industry; secured funding; managed operations; positioned and sold business. 
*Developed product line, menu, e-commerce gift basket peripheral business line. 
*Utilized partnership marketing with non competitive establishments to mutually increase sales. 
*Hired, trained and supervised personnel. 


Systems Union, Inc. White Plains, NY 				 		  June, 1993 - July, 1998 
 Marketing Programs Manager
International Business to Business accounting software developer
*Launched first ever synchronized e-mail blast/ad campaign to targeted audience with key contacts (1994).
*Created integrated marketing approach resulting in new revenue in excess of $2,000,000 and $500,000 in incremental revenue when company's US revenues were approximately $11,000,000.
*Developed designed and distributed the first Systems Union CD which was used for Controller Magazine CD-ROM Review; which garnered two industry awards.  
*Devised and implemented "MAP" (Marketing Activities Plan) to budget, plan, organize and allocate resources to all marketing events in North and Latin America. 
*Designed and wrote collateral including sell sheets; PR; advertising; electronic media and direct mail.
*Responsible for selection, budgeting, marketing and staffing all trade shows, conferences and seminars. 
*Compiled and maintained competitive analysis journal which became essential in strategizing in competitive sales situations.
*Responded to and compiled all technical RFI/RFP with input from technology and client services. 

Contractor's Register, Inc. Jefferson Valley, NY			  	    November, 1988 - June, 1993 
 Inside Sales and Client Services Manager
National Business to Business publisher of regional construction directories	
*Managed a team responsible for $2,500,000 in existing accounts which was 20% of corporate sales.  
*Tasked with generating incremental revenue via telemarketing campaign to ignored ("dead") accounts 
*Trained field sales personnel; customer service and telemarketing representatives. 
*Recruited, hired, trained, motivated and managed in-house sales and customer service personnel. 

MCI Telecommunications, Inc.  Rye Brook, NY		 	     	    June, 1987 - November, 1988
Senior Inside Sales Representative
National (Business to Business) telecommuncations solutions provider
*Sold telecommunications solutions to the construction and financial services industries. 
*Annual President's Circle recipient for sales achievement, 1987 and 1988 
*Managed inside sales group in supervisor's absence. 
*Achieved 211% of sales goal first eligible quarter. 

Education
Pace University  Pleasantville, NY
Bachelor of Arts; Business Administration				              September, 1983 - May,  1987
Marketing Major, Management Minor, Concentration in Advertising

Technical Skills
*Microsoft Office Suite - Word; Excel; Outlook; Publisher; Power Point; (PC and MAC); Quick Books; Q&amp;A; ACT! Google G-Mail; Lotus Notes. 

Volunteer Affiliations
*Women's Center of Greater Danbury - VP, Board of Directors (2003-2010); BOD Member; Fundraising; Creator and chair of Public Relations Committee. Created The Women's Center of Greater Danbury website; organized flagship fundraising event.
*Girl Scouts of Connecticut - Troop Leader	
*SPCA of Westchester - Board Member			
*New Fairfield Lions - Leo Advisor
*St. Edward's Church - Social Concerns Ministry; Lector 

Corporate Awards
*Employee of the Quarter; Q4 1996 (Systems Union, Inc.)
*Marketing "VIP"; December 1997; April 1998 (Systems Union, Inc.)
*Annual President's Circle for sales achievement, 1987; 1988 (MCI Telecommunications, Inc.)













1




  
    accounting software
  
  
    ACT!
  
  
    ad
    advertising
  
  
    approach
  
  
    Army
  
  
    book
  
  
    budgeting
    budget
  
  
    CD
  
  
    CD-ROM
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    competitive analysis
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    Controller
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    database
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    direct sales
  
  
    direction
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    fax
  
  
    film
  
  
    financial
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    inside sales
  
  
    International Business
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    MAC
  
  
    marketing strategy
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Mail
  
  
    Microsoft Office Suite
  
  
    MOS
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    Publisher
    publisher
  
  
    Word
  
  
    developer
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    PR
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Quick Books
  
  
    retail
  
  
    RFI
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    sales
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    trade shows
  


