
Consultant Program/Project Manager, MBA 
GARRY WOOD
	Garrywood_8@msn.com	linkedin.com/in/garrywoodpm
Cell 214-693-5597 	
  
VALUE OFFER 
 
Consultant and Project Manager individual contributor leading and supporting cross functional teams with enterprise project management (EPM), cost control, solution architecting, IT delivery, risk management, continuous improvement and operations project management in services, distribution, logistics and technology industries. Additional expertise in key productivity indicators (KPI's), application support, deployment, business process management and enterprise content management projects
 
Achievement PreVIEW

Oil and Gas transportation safety and telecom program manager for largest crude oil transport firm in North America.  Projects include logistics analysis, safety policy creation and analytics, engineering solutions, oil tanker retrofit and compliance management and in-vehicle wireless telecom solutions. Supporting the largest client in new initiatives, compliance, monitoring and quality improvement.
Collaborative project team leader supporting ERP, POS, operational solutions with many successes grossing several million dollars in savings and sales.
My experience at Rexel supporting enterprise-wide cost cutting, including performing operational assessments; training and performance support across a 735 person, $880m division, covering 5 states 
My experience in workflow improvement and risk management (DRP, BCP, IDM, security solution and services architecting, business analysis, management advising) in financial services, manufacturing and technology covers more than 10 years at dozens of firms 
Manage key productivity indicators (KPI) for $880M division where weaknesses identified, lead resolution plan and delivered many high impact projects with millions of dollars of savings in 18 months
2009-2010, Contract project Manager\Solution Architect	Southlake, Texas
Support Project Impact Assessment consulting solution and cloud computing assessment solution. Coach technology leaders on how to create and run a value proposition using a structured Product Management and Go-to-Market strategy.  
Project impact assessment offering 
Delivered to 2 CEO's for project prioritization projects
E-learning solution launched and content and presentations on project management
Delivered presentation on the project assessment methodology
Cloud computing feasibility study offering in development

REXEL USA, Inc.  - (2006-2009), Division ERP/Program Manager 	Dallas, Texas
$13B International Electronic Parts Supply Chain Corporation
Hands on, analytical program manager on critical projects delivering modernization. Tenacious pursuer of workflow improvement and simplification solutions that created millions of dollars in savings and operational effectiveness. 
Managed 10 or more concurrent projects and ad hoc projects.
Implementing Oracle Regis for ERP solution for inventory, POS, receiving, credit, financial systems
Creating detailed project plans to define and manage project scope, schedules, milestones, budget, and risks that support corporate strategic requirements. 
Contingency planning, risk mitigation and define implementation activities to activate contingency and mitigation plans, root cause analysis, analytics, UAT.
Managing commodity budget of over $15M and project budgets of varying smaller scale.
Created Oracle based Cognos, Business Objects, Access and Excel pivot table reports for division management and field to realign work processes and inventory quality resulting in several $100K improvements for division. These enhancements included:
Sales and margin analysis
Inventory analysis 
Trending
ETL (Extract, transform, load) 
Designing, conducting and tracking training for branch operations staff including advanced computer skills, ERP operations, barcode scanning, finance, and safety.   
Saved Rexel $15 million in direct costs related to rework due to system inefficiencies leveraging ITIL standards.
Saved the organization over $400K per month by standardizing the commodities pricing model that rationalizes 13,000 items to deliver a single commodity cost for all branches on 2 different computer systems.
Saved division thousands each week by identifying root cause of branch inefficiencies through weekly branch KPI and metric analysis.
Operations auditor in internal ITIL based program.

Hitachi ID Systems - (2002 - 2006)                                                                                        Frisco, Texas
Identity Management and HIPAA and SOX Compliance Software
Outsourcing/Managed Services Provider Project Manager/Inside Sales
Global security software SaaS project manager supporting outsourcing (MSP) clients including initiation needs analysis and issue resolution.
The MSP business grew 50%, from $15 million to $22 million
Increasing the number of international MSP's by $100% in Europe to 6, USA by 4
Software modules were initiated with a corporate sponsor identifying system requirements and market need. From there I lead requirements gathering and presentation of the results included cost benefits and anticipated sales to support the ROI.  Once approved the design phase kicked off.  I project managed developers who designed the code.  The key here was scope creep, budgeting enforcement and keeping to a schedule. Testing was overseen and once I signed off on the test along with my senior management, piloting began with a trusted customer. Managing the change control and expectations was the next responsibility and once approved the module was implemented, monitored, then released to sales to marketing to announce and implement.
Projects were managed in general accordance with SDLC framework.

MOBILIZE INC. - (1999 - 2002)                                                                        Colorado Springs, Colorado
Wireless sales force automation software development
Project Manager
Solutions architect and project management for web-based wireless sales force automation solution software
Taking Microsoft Office-based content and automating collateral updates for mobile devices
Responsible for the growth of sales of 25% from $600k to $750k as part of the pursuit team
Responsible for marketing support of launching 3 software solutions and an application service provisioning platform 
Marketing project management where I researched target markets and target customers but also held engineering meetings to avoid gold-plating so that the launch price could be minimized.  Identifying system requirements and market need.  From there I lead requirements gathering and presentation of the results included cost benefits and anticipated sales to support the ROI.  
New modules were initiated with marketing and engineering teams determining cost effective and time sensitive applications.  My role here was in approving the design phase kicked off. Managing scope creep, budgeting enforcement and keeping to a schedule. 

EDS - (1997 - 1999)                                                                                                                 Plano, Texas
Global IT and Business Process Outsourcing 	 
Senior project manager at corporate marketing and ecommerce business unit 
Corporate strategist, defining new markets globally, build business case, write the white paper, socialize with strategic business influencers  and present to senior management
Launches include global security offering (first customer was White House), eBilling presentment, fixed price server and NOC solution which generated more than $100m globally
As a corporate strategist, my responsibilities were to define new markets globally and present these markets to the senior management.  For example, I ran a study on Windows Server in its early versions compared with UNIX servers to determine whether it was a fit for the business model yet.
In the Ecommerce strategic business unit I worked in teams of 3 to launch offerings.  My responsibilities included writing the white papers, leading external collateral developers, negotiating with internal managers to get their buy-in on leveraging their capabilities for the packaged solutions.

FMC MANAGEMENT CONSULTING - (1994 - 1997)                                                        Columbus, Ohio
Boutique Project Management Firm
Project management, delivering operational improvements and product launching 

SUNGARD PLANNING SOLUTIONS - (1983 - 1994)                                                      Columbus, Ohio 
Disaster Planning and Security Auditing
Program\Project Manager 
Consulting to many dozens of firms in financial services, manufacturing, technology and government
Taking the startup to IPO

EDUCATION
MBA - Ohio University
BA - Ohio University
PMP course certification Collin College

COMMUNITY SERVICE/PUBLICATIONS
Frisco Texas Public Library Board, sports coach for kids' teams, volunteer

Using Quality to Create a Viable Disaster Plan Quality Progress, Vol. 30, No. 1, January 1997
Marketing's 4 P's and Quality The Quality Management Forum.  
Total Quality Management and Disaster Planning: A Manager's Decision Model The Quality Management Forum.  
Several Ezine articles based on change management, turnaround processes and communication improvement.



  
    administrative
  
  
    ad
  
  
    architect
  
  
    Asset management
    asset management
  
  
    Auditing
  
  
    automation
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    budgeting
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    business case
  
  
    Business Objects
  
  
    Business Process
  
  
    Coach
  
  
    Cognos
  
  
    commodities
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    credit
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
    customer liaison
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Designing
  
  
    Disaster Planning
    Disaster planning
  
  
    Documentation
  
  
    Ecommerce
    ecommerce
  
  
    ERP
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    government
  
  
    human resource
  
  
    Inside Sales
  
  
    Inventory
    inventory
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    needs analysis
  
  
    negotiating
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    next
  
  
    Oil
    oil
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    POS
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Product Management
  
  
    Project Management
    Project management
    project management
  
  
    Project Plans
    project plans
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality improvement
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirements gathering
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scanning
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    Shell
  
  
    software development
  
  
    strategist
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    structured
  
  
    Supply Chain
  
  
    team management
  
  
    white papers
  
  
    telecom
  
  
    UNIX servers
  
  
    vendor management
  
  
    workflow
  


