
10704 Eastridge Dr NE, Redmond, WA 98053, 
kunal.b.chopra@gmail.com, 425-281-3566

Kunal Chopra
Summary of Skills:
Languages: C#, VB.NET, C++, C
Web Development and Design: HTML, XML, ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, PHP, CSS, SOAP, WCF, Web Forms, Java Script, AJAX
Development: WPF, WinForms, 
Scripting: Java Script, Powershell 
Databases: Microsoft Access, SQL Server, MySQL Server
Testing Tools - Microsoft Automation Frameworks, Test Case Managers, Bug Tracking Systems, Visual Studio Team System, Quality Center (QC), NUnit, Continuous Integration, source depot and other related tools, and Model Based Testing tools such as SpecExplorer, Pairwise Analysis Tools

Professional Experience:
Quality Assurance Engineer - Bridgewater Associates 		April 2009 - April 2010
Planned and executed QA processes for the department of Account Management, which operates on advanced Trade Generation Systems based on a services framework. 
Drove releases end-to-end, ensuring quality of code on Production. 
Automated QA processes by creating an automation framework for testing GUIs, Web applications, databases and windows based services incorporated by all QA teams in the company. 
Innovated in the Release Management space by designing and developing tools that would enable better daily and production deployments. 
Managed and trained consultants to execute QA processes.
Involved in designing the QA organization structure, including recruiting new engineers. 

Software Developer Engineer - Microsoft Corporation 		March 2006 - March 2010
Microsoft Dynamics Online
Tested the end-to-end UI flows, web service APIs and databases for the Online Commerce platform connecting to EBay and the Amazon service platforms. 
Designed and implemented automation infrastructure that enabled the team of 10 engineers to build and test the dynamics online web services and the user interface.
Integrated Microsoft's SQL Code Coverage system into Dynamics Online for daily SQL Code Coverage results to the entire team.
Designed and implemented the performance and stress test plan for Dynamics Online Commerce.
Planned Model Based Testing for Dynamics Online that enabled testers to model their features and generate tests from the model.
Designed and implemented reporting dashboard for daily build verification and full test run, SQL code coverage, API code coverage results and latency results for online web services. 

User Experience (UEX) for Microsoft Office 2007 and 2010
Responsible for developing the test strategy for the core platform for the Microsoft Office User Interface.
Pioneering Model Based Testing Methodologies across the team, educating the team via documentation, training and presentations. 
Managing the check in and code review systems for User Experience Test team in Office. 
Setting up machines that build projects before testers' actual check in their test code.
Validating that code is appropriately reviewed before any check in. 
Writing code in the Office code base to enable test hooks 

Quality Assurance Engineer (Automation) 			June 2005 - March 2006
Blackbaud, Inc., Charleston, SC, USA. 
Research tools for automated functional testing of the UI of Blackbaud's web products by trying to understand the problems in our current setup. 
Automate the testing of their core products (by writing test scripts in Visual Basic)
Help development team fix CRs (Change Requests) filed by Quality Assurance. 
Worked on completing development of an online database tool that maintains a record of all the 3rd party products that interface with Blackbaud products - ASP.NET and SQL Server 2000.

Awards and Recognition
Promoted to mid-level engineer within first year of joining the company.  Received promotions every 2 years in the company.
Gold Star award winner for 2 years in a row for work in innovation at Microsoft.
Inducted into "Corps of Engineers", a Microsoft-wide group focused on engineering excellence

Education: 
University of Chicago, Booth School of Business
Master of Business Administration, Major: Finance			May 2014 (Expected)

Clemson University, SC, US				May 2005
Master of Science, Major: Computer Science, GPA: 4.0/4.0
Teaching Assistant to 50 undergraduate students in Computer Science. 
Research assistant at the Department of Computer Science. Thesis presentation to 10 professors.
Consultant at Computer Science Department Help desk helping students with academic projects. 
Webmaster and designer for a 20-page site for the Catholic Students' Association.

University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India				May 2003
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Computer Engineering, Percentage: DISTINCTION
Class project at Schlumberger:  Designing a Network for Schlumberger's Mumbai Office.

Awards and Recognition
Invited to join the Association of Computing Machinery - 2003 - 2005.
Invited by Clemson University to present on Model Based Testing to students. 
Inducted into Upsilon Pi Epsilon in 2004, the international honor society for Computer Science.

Extra-Curricular:
Evangelized/Presented Microsoft Products at events across different Universities.
Speaker for Model Based Testing at conferences and universities.
Author of TestingWithKunal.com aimed at educating the Quality Assurance Engineers community












  
    VB.NET
    ASP.NET
  
  
    academic
  
  
    Account Management
  
  
    API
  
  
    Automate
  
  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    conflict resolution
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    database
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    designing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    driving
  
  
    edge
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    fast
  
  
    features
  
  
    Forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Help desk
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Innovation
    innovation
  
  
    Java Script
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Leadership and training
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    Office
  
  
    Windows 8
    Microsoft Windows 8
    Windows
    windows
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    MVC
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    next
  
  
    page
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    QA
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    recruiting
    recruitment
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    servers
  
  
    scripts
    Scripting
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SQL Server 2000
  
  
    strategy
    Strategic
  
  
    structured
  
  
    Teaching
  
  
    User Interface
    user interface
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    Web applications
  
  
    web pages
    Web Development and Design
  
  
    Webmaster
  
  
    XML
  


