
Bilal Chami
Address: POB 877 Chatom, AL 36518, USA                                                                           
Clearance Status: secret active, T/S inactive		   			           
+ 1 (407) 550-0211
Email: biloengineer@yahoo.com
Phone: + 1 (808) 551-1446
 
Education

        M.S. in Electrical engineering, University of Hawaii (accredited university) (2005 - Current)
        B.S. in Electrical Engineering, University of Michigan (accredited university) (2000 - 2004)
Summary of Experience

  18 Years Electronics Experience    7 Years university education    Solid Customer Satisfaction Background
Strongly Qualified for a Subject Matter Expert position.
	
Skills



Fiber Optics and Cable Installation 
Ethernet Splicing
Software Installation &amp; Repair
Heliax, coax and triax calbes
Electronic Test Equipment
Winches and forklifts
Multichannel Terminals
IT and Telecommunications
AutoCad, MathLab, Simplorer
Hydraulics and fluid
Unix / C++ / Assembly
Schematic Interpretation
Radio &amp; Antenna Systems
Microsoft Office excelled
GPS Components &amp; Grids
IP address configuration
Soldering using Microscope
Circuit breakers
Switches, encoders and Modems
LAN/WAN
Generators and Batteries


 Professional Experience

 COMPUTER SCIENCES CORPORATION				                                              August 2008 - August 2010            

Field Service Electronics Engineer ( 2009 - 2010 Afghanistan)

Excelled in installing multiple surveillance systems in many sites connected to each others by fiber optic systems for faster and more accurate communications to customers satisfaction.
Experience with surveillance systems to include: RAID, BETSS-C, CERBERUS, RDISS, FPS, AEROSTAT, LEGACY, MRTI, CYCLOPS, OMEN, ESPY, BLACKWOLF, NIGHTFINDER and RGS systems.
Provide operational support to FSRs deployed at several sites within Bagram, Kandahar &amp; Helmand Provinces.
Conducted training courses for all incoming FSRs and created documentation for reference.
Maintian Accountability or Personnel (Perstat), Vehicles and equipments on the industrial site.
Diagnosed and corrected equipment and system malfunctions which failed to respond to standard corrective measures to include soldering down to components.

Field Service Electronics Engineer  ( 2008 - 2009 Iraq)
Mission Team Leader working on Ground Base Operational Surveillance System.
Daily and weekly Sipr/Nipr reports and perstats to management and attend daily meeting.
Provided on-site field support to customers including installation, and servicing and repairing elevated sensors surveillance systems and associated equipment include GBOSS, GBOSS Lite and Cerberus Lite. Reviews and approves operational quality of systems and equipment.
Capable of routine system maintenance and analysis functions including:  hardware configurations; adding, removing and replacing hardware components; use of hardware and software diagnostic testing tools; reading of electronic and mechanical schematics.
Experience in fault detection, isolation, and correction of hardware systems and individual components.
Works with minimal supervision, provides system functional briefings to customer and supervisor

AEGIS / L-3 COMMUNICATIONS				                                                                   JULY 2006 - JULY 2008            

Communications and Electrical Engineer ( Iraq)
Performed direct support and general support (DS/GS) level maintenance of surveillance systems, radios receivers, transmitters equipments and other associated equipments.
Used Test Measurement Diagnostic Equipment (TMDE), to include AN/GRM-122, Oscilloscope, Multimeters, Signal Generators and Spectrum Analyzers to determine the cause and location of malfunctions, extent of faults and the level of maintenance required.
Performed difficult or complex repairs of defective components, subassemblies, and related cabling.
Performed work tasks and repair in coordination with customer request to obtain customer satisfaction.
Performed bench testing and troubleshooting on parts including cameras, RF communications,  modems, switches, monitors, cables, AN/PPS-5C Ground Surveillance Radar ,  Motorola PTP-600 radio, Nextiva video encoder, Sealevel USB converter, and fiber optic switches. 

STATE OF HAWAII			                                                                                              JUNE 2005 - JUNE 2006            

Electrical and Sensor Engineer (Hawaii - USA)
Worked in Laboratories under the bioengineering program in the electronic shops to develop electronic equipements.
Designed, developed, validated molded, machined, and extruded metal and plastic subassemblies required to manufacture a minimally invasive sensors in accordance with documented product, manufacturing, and cost requirements. 
Apply comprehensive knowledge of design, engineering, and manufacturing methods to optimize the components and processes used to produce existing monitoring products. 
Publication in Analytical chemistry magazine under my name: Hybridization probe for femtomolar quantification of selected nucleic acid sequences on a disposable electrode.

BIOSENSERS LLC				                                                                                MAY 2003 - MAY 2006
Electrical Engineer and researcher (Hawaii - USA)
Fingerprint smart card research and design; include DNA detector and carbon nanotube sensors. 
Develop Sensors and chips that mostly used for medical usage.
Read electronic schematics, use test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multimeters and DC power supplies.
Analyze equipment to establish operating data, conduct experimental tests and evaluate results. 
Select components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliability. Ensures issues are referred to the appropriate service areas for follow up and troubleshooting. 

SPRINT PCS				                                                                                                   Jan 2001 - Jan 2003
Electronics Technician (Michigan - USA)
Diagnose, troubleshoot and repair phones down to component level.
Interpret and read production drawings, technical manuals and Assit customers in diagnosing technical issues
Solder and de-solder electronic components.
Maintain test equipment and accessories according to specifications
Knowledge and experience with several phone systems such as Tochibam Nor-Tell, Meridan, TeleRad, Samsung, Nokia.



  
    acid
  
  
    Assembly
  
  
    AutoCad
  
  
    budgeting
  
  
    C
  
  
    cables
    Cable
    cabling
  
  
    calibration
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    DC
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Ethernet
  
  
    fiber-optics
    Fiber Optics
  
  
    forklifts
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    Hydraulics
  
  
    Interpretation
  
  
    IP
  
  
    LAN
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Works
  
  
    Radar
  
  
    Modems
    modems
  
  
    monitors
  
  
    Motorola
  
  
    Multimeters
    multimeters
  
  
    oscilloscopes
    Oscilloscope
  
  
    Personnel
  
  
    phone systems
  
  
    camera
    cameras
  
  
    power supplies
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Publication
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Radio
    radio
  
  
    RAID
  
  
    reading
    Read
    read
  
  
    repairs
    repairing
  
  
    research and design
  
  
    schematics
  
  
    Signal Generators
  
  
    Software Installation
  
  
    Soldering
    soldering
  
  
    supervisor
    supervision
  
  
    Switches
    switches
  
  
    technical manuals
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    phones
  
  
    Television
  
  
    Test Equipment
    test equipment
  
  
    troubleshoot
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Unix / C
  
  
    USB
  
  
    video
  
  
    WAN
  


