
Althea Curenton

60 Second ST

Greenwood, SC 29646   

(864) 229-0116 home

E-mail: altheacurenton30@yahoo.com

 

 

Objective
 

To secure a position that will allow me to use my skills as a Customer Service   Representative, to grow and help companies meet there goals. Maintaining a positive attitude, as well as effectively handle multiple tasks at one time, give and 100 percent customer service

 

Qualifications

 

The ability to establish and maintain effective working relationship with those contacted in the course of work. To ensure a project or task is completed accurately and in a timely fashion. As well as resolving customer complaints and problems. Computer experience includes spreadsheets, data products Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, DOS operating system. The ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work.

 

 

Work Experience

 

Solectron

Service Technician

Washington, D.C.                                                                      January 2005- February 2007

 

 

q       Technical Coordinator with the capabilities to resolve problems associated with cellular phones as well as PDA?s Smart phone Devices

 

q       Advise customers on purchasing equipment appropriate for their personal and or business needs

q       Manage customer base and developed relationships necessary to ensure 100% customer satisfaction

q       Responsible for software uploads and upgrades to mobile cellular devices

 

 

 

UHAUL

Customer Service Representative
Takoma Park, MD                                                             September 2003- November 2004

 

 

q       Coordinator between clients and vehicle rental location

q       Responsible for timely maintenance and servicing of rental trucks

q       Answered incoming phone calls for incoming reservations as well as coordinating drop off and pick up of rental vehicles

q       Responsible for inventory levels and maintaining goods for consumer purchase

 

 

 

 

US Department of Transportation

Office Automation Clerk

Washington, D.C.                                                          June2002- August 2002                                      

 

q       Created a database which inclined to track cellular pagers and cell phones

q       Data Analyst for record keeping and filling systems

q       Ability to demonstrate strong aptitude and knowledge of personal computer hardware/software: possesses fundamental understanding of Internet connectivity.

 

 

 

 

 EDUCATION

T. Roosevelt Senior High School                                    August 1997- June 2001

Washington, DC

 

Attended Montgomery Junior College                             August 2001 - July 2002

Takoma Park, MD

 




  
    Analyst
  
  
    computer hardware
  
  
    credit
  
  
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    database
  
  
    filling
  
  
    Internet connectivity
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    pick
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    record keeping
  
  
    phones
    phone
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    website
  


