
RAY LOWE
1037 St. Hubbins Dr. * Spring Hill, TN 37174 (Willing to relocate)
(615) 302-2077 * raylowe@charter.net

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE

Management and/or technical position utilizing past experience in technical support and key account customer service.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Extensive experience in telecommunications industry, most recently as Service Executive with AT&amp;T/Southwestern Bell Telephone (SBC).  Served as customer interface with global companies. Received telephony hardware and software training, basic IT training (OSI Reference Model), First Class FCC License, and customer service training. Advanced technical knowledge and ability to overcome obstacles and help company move forward and become more competitive.

WORK HISTORY
AT&amp;T/SOUTHWESTERN BELL TELEPHONE (SBC) 	1979-2005		
	 
Service Executive (Service Manager) - Global Accounts, Nashville, TN and Tulsa, OK  2001-2005
Certified Service Executive, provided service assurance to clients; acting as single point of contact between global customers and AT&amp;T/SBC, solving service-related issues for AT&amp;T/SBC's top global market accounts; i.e. Wal-Mart, JB Hunt Transport, Tyson Foods, Conoco/Phillips, Duke Energy, Healthcare Corporation of America (HCA), etc. Assisted in removing roadblocks and provided technical support for network, frame relay, CPE, data (including but not limited to modems, switchers, routers, bridges, servers), wireless, and all AT&amp;T/SBC affiliate products and services. Assisted accounting team with new services deployment for specialized customer orders. Coordinated with project management and customer to assure timely and proper installation and operation of new products.   Assisted with RFP's, formal meetings and group presentations for new products.

Communications Technician, Little Rock, AR and Tulsa, OK  1992-2001
Worked in Network Operations Center (NOC) doing 5ESS Switch translations and analyzation.  Organized analog to digital switch conversions and turn-up for the state of Arkansas. Designed and built packets in MTS (Mechanized Transport/Routing System) for PLEXAR common blocks, routing, carrier common blocks, and trunk group creation and changes including Smart Trunks, Select Video, Select Video Plus, and ISDN BRI's and PRI's. Wired, troubleshot, tested, equipped, and turned up Private-line Special Circuits, POTS, and DSL. Worked with issues involving PCM, PAM, and Time Division Multiplexing, Assisted customers and marketing personnel with troubleshooting and fault locating hardware and software problems for issues involving T1, T3, ISDN, DACS, SONET, WDM, AIN, SS7, CCS, LNP, LIDB(800 Service), SFG, MLHG, DID, and AMA. DMS switch routines and maintenance. Overseeing and training new technicians.

Special Services Engineer, Little Rock, AR  1992
Designed, maintained, and assisted field technicians with turn-up and maintenance of special circuits and private lines.

Communications Technician, Little Rock, AR  1979-1991
Worked in 4ESS Switch Trunk Operations Center (TOC) and Machine Operations Center (MOC).  Inspection and acceptance testing for new equipment including switching and fiber optic equipment.
 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Associate Degree in Electronics from Arkansas College of Technology - Little Rock, AR.
Certified Service Executive from San Jos&#233; State University - San Jos&#233;, CA.
Continuing professional/technical education includes seminars or courses in the following:

First Class FCC License	AIT - Applications in Technology	Manager's Camp	


CRM - Customer Relationship Management	
Trends in Telecommunications Technology	
CPAT - Customer Performance Analysis and Trending	

COMPUTER SKILLS

Proficient with MS Windows 98/2000/NT/XP Professional/7, MS Office, Apple, OSS - WFA, LMOS, NMA, TIRKS
Excellent references will be provided on request













  
    accounting
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    bridges
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Customer Relationship Management
    CRM
  
  
    clients
  
  
    databases
  
  
    DSL
  
  
    frame relay
  
  
    ISDN
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    MS Windows 98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    modems
  
  
    MTS
  
  
    Network
    network
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    OSS
  
  
    Performance Analysis
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    project management
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    routers
    Routing
    routing
  
  
    selling
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    servers
  
  
    SONET
  
  
    SS7
  
  
    Switch
    switch
  
  
    T1
  
  
    Time Division Multiplexing
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    TOC
  
  
    translations
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Video
  
  
    web design and content
  


