
Joseph A. Marini
111 Crescent Place  Yonkers, NY 10704  Phone: (914) 282-0330  Alt. Phone: (914) 410-4648



Objective:	Seeking a challenging yet rewarding position within a progressive organization that promotes both personal and professional growth.

Profile: 	Over 13 years of experience in domestic and international mail services operation, phone installations/repairs and as a docutech operator. Results orientated individual with a desire to do more than is required on the job. A dedicated team player who realizes the value of this vital function. Posses a valid NYS Security Guards License and am a Certified Protection Officer. 

Experience:	Williams Lea	New York City, NY
	Reprographic Associate	2008-2009
Responsible for completing large number of reprographics requests for black/white and color photocopies. Operate production printers and copiers, including inputting job processing settings and managing job queues. Operate finishing equipment (3-hole drills, bindery, laminating, folder, cutter, etc.) according to job ticket instructions. Check document quality before, during, and after each production job. Load copiers with paper and toner as needed. Troubleshoot basic equipment problems, placing service calls when needed. Handle sensitive and/or confidential documents and information. Communicate with manager and client on job or deadline issues. 

	Summit Security	New York City, NY
	Security Guard	2008
Patrol industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs of intrusion and ensure security of doors, windows, and gates. Answer alarms and investigate disturbances. Monitor and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises. Write reports of daily activities and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences.

	Graphic Management Partners LLC	Port Chester, NY
	Docutech Operator	1995-2008
	Responsible for producing complete specialized high quality printing/ copy projects. Monitor machine performance and request service when necessary. Perform light repairs on equipment and adhere to tight deadlines, as detailed on job ticket. Assist with other duties, as needed (i.e., shipping &amp; receiving, maintenance, etc)

	NYNEX Corporation	Bronx, NY
	Installation Technician Assistant	1993 - 1995
Assist head technician with installation and repairs of telephone lines and switchboard systems at customer's homes and offices. Install inside wiring and connect it to the service wires outside. Climb telephone poles to complete the necessary connections; install the terminal box, which usually requires drilling holes thru walls to make connections. Work under unfavorable work conditions and trucks that carry equipment.
Nestle Food Corporation						     Purchase, NY  Senior Mail Clerk							          1979 -1992  Responsible for delegations of activities for 4 mail clerks, including pickup of packages and mail. Participate in the negotiation and interviewing of vendors for competitive rates. Fully responsible for the payment and maintenance of the mail service department to include preparing invoices for services render. Maintain records and files of all outgoing mail and freight. Maintain employee time sheets, vacation request, overtime, sick time and pay roll record. Picked up mail at Post Office; trained new and present employees in all aspects of mail service operations.  
Education:	Mount Saint Michael Academy	Bronx, NY
	High School Diploma Obtained	

Skills: 	Experienced in utilizing various reproduction equipment/software (i.e., Xerox 6180, Docuprint 100MX (DP100), Work Center Pro 90 and Color Machine),Convert computer files to print files, and a remarkable ability to collect data, keep accurate records,  prepare reports and provide superior mail services.  Computer literate and proficient in various computer software (i.e., Word, Lotus, etc.)

References Available Upon Request












  
    basic
  
  
    Color
    color
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    Computer literate
  
  
    client
  
  
    doors
  
  
    Lotus
  
  
    managing
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Office
  
  
    windows
  
  
    Word
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    copiers
  
  
    printers
  
  
    producing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    repairs
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    switchboard
  
  
    technician
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    Troubleshoot
  
  
    wiring
  


