
Gary Wayne Cox 
2205 Pinecrest Drive     Gladewater, Texas 75647 
Home Phone: 903.845.2856         Cell Phone: 903.720.0348
Email: GCox052273@aol.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: Seeking to obtain a challenging position in which my experience and
leadership abilities will contribute to the success of my employer. I desire a position
that allows me to make a difference in the lives of the people that I come into contact
with each day. 

Qualifications 

Over seventeen years retailing experience. 
Quick learner able to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods.
Excellent communication, organizational and leadership skills.
Outstanding ability to communicate and interact with both employees and customers
Energetic and self-motivated team player. Ambitious and flexible with an ability to adapt
to changing environments. Always take pride in working very hard until projects are
completed. 

Professional Experience 
part time seasonal cashier. Was promoted to full time employee, worked in 
books and video dept before being promoted to Music Manager and Assistant Manager. 	
Was Acting Store Manager over 3 months at two other local Stores.	
Was a part of five store resets.	
Completed HLA (Hastings Leadership Academy) in Amarillo.

March 1995 - September 2003

LifeWay Christian Store (Formerly New Life Bible Book Store) Longview, Texas
Music/Church Specialist &amp; Keyholder 
Served as the Music Specialist, providing expertise on new music and various music
available. 
Responsible for opening the store, which consisted of completing morning reports,
matching receipts with the correct reports, counting money, preparing the cash register
tills for the store, and preparing accurate deposit for the bank. 
Responsible for closing the store, which consisted of daily reports, reconciling the
drawers with the reports, and getting the store ready for the following day. 	
Organized and maintained special orders for the curriculum of more than fifty churches,
including quarterly bible studies and various annual mission themes.		
Provided training for new associates and managers.
Acted as Manager on Duty when assigned.	
Assisted customers with gifts, books, reference items, ticket sales and robe purchases. 	
Regularly maintained store computer equipment and ordered customer service supplies.	
Developed and maintained annual inventory map for the store 
Deliver Product to Churches/Business when needed.
Key Accomplishments
LifeWay Church Specialist Certification.	
One of four "keyholders" responsible for opening and closing the store. I was the only
non-                        management employee in that position	
Began as a part time nights/weekend cashier. Was promoted to full time employee
andeventually to "keyholder". 

1991 - 2002
Various Churches 
Music Director (Volunteer/Interim) 
Led musical worship services for various area churches on a volunteer or interim basis
Created musical program for services
Performed solo vocal music pieces 
Ran sound equipment 

Related Skills

Proficient with Microsoft products, including Windows XP and 2000 office (WinDSS).
Advanced skills working cash register, adding machine, copy machine, and multi-line
phone. 
Quick learner with other systems.	
Adept at gift wrapping and imprinting books and bibles. 

Education 
	Kilgore College Kilgore, Texas 					
		Associates Degree 
	Gladewater High School Gladewater, Texas 			
		High School Diploma 
References 
	Available upon request  



  
    adding machine
  
  
    alpha
    Alpha
  
  
    cash register
    cashier
  
  
    closing
  
  
    excellent customer service
    customer service
  
  
    film
  
  
    Hiring
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    Microsoft products
  
  
    money
  
  
    office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    copy machine
  
  
    Quick learner
  
  
    Receiving
  
  
    reconciling
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    sound
  
  
    teacher
  
  
    phone
  
  
    video
  


