
Kevin Matthew Davis
Six Sigma Green Belt 


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
IT Manager/ Project Manager with extensive experience in warehouse management systems, maximizing operational productivity, and process flow development.  
Proven ability to bridge technology and business goals to provide productive solutions to meet company driven requirements. 
Analytical problem-solver with the ability to anticipate issues, mentor cross-functional teams, and overcome potential obstacles. 
Experience interfacing with C-level management to develop corporate goals and strategic plans to elevate the organization's position within the industry.  
Currently Working on obtaining PMP Certification

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook * Oracle Database Administration * SQL Plus * PL/SQL * MySQL * Windows NT/2000 System Administration * SUN Solaris System Administration * Linux System Administration * COBOL * PHP * INFORMIX 4gl * PowerBuilder * TOAD Database Management Tool * Principal Toolbox * ISO 9000 (Quality Standards) * Software Development Life Cycle * Innotas * Microsoft Project Manager

EDUCATION 
B.B.A., Management Information Systems - Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas	
Six Sigma Green Belt - Villanova University                                                                                           

EXPERIENCE
U.S. Army (Afghanistan and Home Station)	Dec 2009 - Dec 2011
Project Manager (Captain - Civil Affairs Team Leader)
Successfully managed a staff of 7 personnel to analyze, develop a business plan, and executed multiple projects simultaneously to accomplish management's directives and meet project requirements. 
Conducted requirements gathering and fact finding interviews with management team and production/office personnel. (JAD sessions)
Effectively communicated project scope, deliverables, goals, and milestones to staff and Commanders to meet project objectives.
Standardized a project tracking system and presentation system identifying project suspense dates and milestones. 
Worked with Host Nation Government identifying over 47 projects valued approximately $37 million of infrastructural shortcomings, develop plan to repair infrastructure, gathered and selected project quotes from host nation contractors, and executed the projects on time and under budget. 
Reported project's status, budget, productivity report and expected completion date to US Army Commanders and Host Nation Government officials on a bi-monthly basis.
Performed project analysis identifying potential hazards that could impact current and future operations. 
    	
The Expo Group, Irving, Texas 	Mar 2006 - Dec 2009
IT Manager/ Operations Manager
Managed 7 departments with a total of 86 employees. 
Managed both local and "Off Shore" IT Developers and Business Analysts to create a .NET Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) application with an Oracle Database infrastructure.  
Created various department specific reports by using TOAD for Oracle improving operational monitoring, planning, and budgeting saving the organization over $3 million a year. 
Analyzed and documented corporate policies, procedures and daily operations through data modeling, data flow diagrams, and functional requirement documentation.
Designed, created, tested, and implemented new ERP software utilizing software development life cycle (SDLC) techniques (both AGIL and Waterfall).
Led a variety of management teams to successfully meet project budgets, deliverables and milestones, while managing their change control process and cross-functional Stakeholder expectations.  
Worked with executive team to develop strategies for enhancing corporate market position, departmental budgeting/forecasting, P&amp;L Analysis, and achieving corporate goals. 
Standardized all operational and warehousing activities for multiple locations nationwide resulting in the reduction of lost equipment and materials from 28% annually to 2% annually, reduced shipping expenses by 33%.

U.S. Army, Iraq	Mar 2003 - Mar 2006
Project Manager (Captain - Civil Affairs Team Leader)
Managed independent teams in a hostile environment while meeting predefined time lines, project requirements, and senior leadership's expectations.
Identified local infrastructure deficiencies, developed plans for restoration, hired project contractors, and successfully executed project. 
Worked with various levels of government leadership empowering them to establish town hall, city council, county and state leadership meetings.
Planned and executed more than 45 humanitarian missions providing food, clothing, and medical support to the host nation population.
Identified and resolved issues and conflicts among local national leadership, US State Department, US Army, and hostile insurgents reducing negative activities and increasing peaceful resolutions.

BMC Software, Houston, Texas  	Jun 1999 - Feb 2003
Project Manager / Oracle Database Admin
Implemented and maintained 6 R&amp;D computer labs containing more than 11,000 computers.
Provided Oracle database Administrator support by managing backup and recovery, system performance tuning, and developing Oracle Stored Procedures and triggers for 12 production Oracle databases.
Managed a team of 6 PHP developers for the internal Inventory Management system for the Research and Development Department
Managed application budgets, rollout schedules, documentation, change management process while meeting senior leadership's expectations.
 
Kirby Corporation, Houston, Texas	Feb 1997 - Jun 1999
Programmer Analyst/Database Administrator
Provided Oracle database Administrator support by managing backup and recovery, system performance tuning, and developing Oracle Stored Procedures and triggers.
Developed and maintained OASIS Application in PowerBuilder. 
Created monthly, quarterly, bi-annual, and year end reports through SQL Plus and implement

Dallas Systems, Dallas, Texas	Dec 1996 - Feb 1997
System Programmer
Customized Warehouse Management System in Informix 4GL.
Regularly tested application enhancements and alterations for application role out.
Developed and adjusted application stored procedures to meet customer requirements.










4236 ElmGreen * Roanoke, Texas  76262 * kdavis92306@yahoo.com * (817) 995-3609



  
    .NET
    .Net
    .net
  
  
    Army
  
  
    backup
  
  
    budgeting
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    bi
  
  
    business plan
  
  
    change management
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    council
  
  
    data modeling
  
  
    Database Management
    databases
    Database
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    DOS
  
  
    ERP
    Enterprise Resource Planning
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    gl
  
  
    Government
    government
  
  
    INFORMIX 4
  
  
    Informix 4GL
  
  
    Inventory Management
  
  
    ISO 9000
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows NT
  
  
    Microsoft - Word
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Next
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    Oracle database
    Oracle Database
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    PHP
  
  
    policies
  
  
    POS
  
  
    PowerBuilder
  
  
    processes
  
  
    project analysis
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    requirements gathering
  
  
    Research
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    Software Development
    software development
  
  
    SUN Solaris
  
  
    SQL Plus
    Microsoft SQL Server
    SQL Server
  
  
    System Administration
  
  
    TOAD
  
  
    warehousing
  


