
Alivia N. Cobb
15235 Chimney Hill Circle
Houston, TX  77095
281-345-8709 (home)
281-743-7871 (cell)


Objective: Complete high school with honors, expected graduation date May 2012. Enter an accredited university and focus my studies on Computer Science with an emphasis on software engineer design. In order to become a well rounded engineer I would like to gain more hands on my knowledge about the subject.

Education: Cypress Falls High School 			Houston, Texas
GPA: 6.0 							Graduation Date May 31, 2012

Lone Star Community College				Houston, Texas
								Summer 2008, 2009 &amp; 2011

Studies include general courses as well as Pre-Calculus, Advanced Chemistry and Computer Science courses.

Computer Science Course I &amp; II 
While in high school I have studied of several contemporary languages such as C++, Assembly, Scheme/LISP, Visual Basic, Java, HTML, ASP, CGI, and Perl, with emphasis on differences in structure and application. Within Java language components were stressed as well as other topics such as decision making, looping, arrays, inheritance, interfaces, abstract classes, Java collections, sorting, searching, and case studies. My courses allowed me to study programming methodology and design, data structures, and algorithms. Upon completion of the course I have had an extensive introduction to the language of Java, completing assignments using many Java environments to ensure mastery of those topics.

Orchestra - Third year, proficient in viola, cello and piano. 

Basketball - Third year, Captain of Junior Varsity 

Robotics - Learned the principles of mechanical, manufacturing and electrical engineering to design and test robots and its automated systems. In addition I also develop new programs and applications for robots to use.

Work Experience:




References Available Upon Request:



  
    ASP
  
  
    Assembly
  
  
    C++
  
  
    CGI
  
  
    clients
  
  
    decision making
  
  
    electrical engineering
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Java
  
  
    languages
  
  
    LISP
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    piano
  
  
    programming
  
  
    Receptionist
  
  
    Robotics
  
  
    Scheme
  
  
    Visual Basic
  


