
CHRIS RAINEY                                                                                          713-553-4332
chris.rainey@yahoo.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/crainey

Business Analyst, Operations Management- Analyst  

Adding value in finding financial improvement opportunities and smoothing daily operations. 

Core Strengths: CBAP certification in process, Benchmarking, Gap Analysis, Process Improvement Analysis, Smoothing Daily Operation, Production Gains Analysis, Internal and External CRM, P&amp;L Management, Budget Preparation, Business Development

OVERVIEW: Eleven years' experience in logistics and operations analysis, business analysis, process improvement analysis, operations support, benchmarking, production gains analysis, financial analysis and internal CRM. Twenty four years' P&amp;L responsibility, business management, business development, real estate and food and beverage management.


ANALYST / DEVELOPER: BUSINESS, FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONS:

ExpressJet Airlines, (Continental Express), Houston, TX; 2000 - 2011: Flight analyst tasked with evaluating and planning daily flight operations in Canada, The United States and Mexico for safety, cost and weather pattern considerations while consistently meeting operational goals as aircraft dispatcher. (FAA license required. Subject to annual FAA testing and random drug testing. Requirements always satisfied annually.)

Applied Benchmarking, Data Mining and Production Gains Analysis to determine high value  adjustments that would improve operating results.

Developed operations de-peaking method proven effective every time applied in eliminating delayed flights during peak facility utilization periods. (ADAP program)

Developed procedures for specific aircraft types resulting in proven fuel cost reduction exceeding $500,000 annually.  Savings would now be in excess of $1,000,000 annually due to higher fuel costs (135SLJ Desk).

Determined Zero Fuel Weight Variance among fleet to accommodate additional fuel without affecting revenue (Zero Fuel Weight Analysis). Monitored average, mean and standard deviation to determine target fuel adjustment. Revenue was never affected.  Additional fuel enabled flights to arrive as scheduled over 90% of the time.

Financial Analyst for ExpressJet Dispatcher Union TWU 542 Contract Negotiating Committee; Analyzed 3 years of ExpressJet annual reports and operational performance to identify negotiating opportunities and strengths within current contract and future company performance.  

Instructor and Trainer for new hire dispatchers. 

Page 2
chris.rainey resume:  Business Analyst, Operations Analyst


Member, scheduling committee tasked with optimizing work load and flight schedule metrics. We developed staffing solutions by analyzing daily schedule to determine appropriate staff level for safety of flight and work load match.


Board of Directors member: ExpressJet W.I.N.G.S. program. Administered $325,000 in cash assets. Analyzed 426 applications. Assisted 245 ExpressJet employees.


P&amp;L RESPONSIBILITY, REAL ESTATE,  BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND MANAGEMENT:

1976-2000: Owned, operated or managed several businesses in Houston starting with Rainey Days Restaurant that opened in 1977. I sold my interests in 1979 and managed operations through 1986 for Tinsleys, Lubys, 1776 and Fuddruckers. In 1986, an opportunity opened in Mortgage Banking and Real Estate where I wrote residential mortgages and managed residential properties through 1990. In October of 1990, I joined Outback Steakhouse, opened the Conroe store in 1992 then left to become a consultant to Jax Grill in Bellarie,TX writing the menu and operation procedures. In October of 1993, I helped re-open Princes Hamburgers then managed the Katy Freeway location. I established Princes catering in 1996 and designed and built a 35' mobile kitchen capable of catering high volume events and became a franchise owner in 1998.  I sold all interests in 2000.

RELATED WORK HISTORY:

Government Contracts: experienced in contract negotiations and contract submisitting,awarding, and payment through Wide Area Work Flow (wawf.mil), DFAS and DoDAC.
Consultant to Vista Properties in Houston evaluating potential restaurant clients
Consultant to Rudis Post Oak, procedures and cost control
Consultant to Jax Grill, Houston, menu design and kitchen procedures

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS:

MGMA courses; Revenue Cycle, Financial Reporting and Analysis, 2012
Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, Green Belt, Villanova University, 2008
BBA, Accounting: University of Houston-Downtown, 2007  
BBA, Organizational Behavior and Management: University of Houston, 1976
BBA, Marketing :University of Texas at Austin,1972
Real Estate Brokers License; inactive 

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS:

International Institute of Business Analysts; member, CBAP certification (in process)
Institute of Management Accountants; Member and Enrolled, CMA certification
ICAS, (International Council of Airshows)







Page 3
chris.rainey resume: Business Analyst, Operations Analyst

Professional Skills and Skill Areas

Business degrees in Accounting, Organizational Behavior and Marketing.


Six Sigma Green Belt certification.

Contract analysis: management and administration.

Operating Statements, Financial Statements, and Annual Reports: Thorough understanding of and experienced in detailed examination of accounting data.

Complex Production and Repetitive Job Operations: Demonstrated ability to analyze and identify high value tasks for process improvement and implementation.

Software Experience: Excel, Quicken, Quickbooks, Peachtree, Skyline and Lacert accounting programs, Sabre flight planning software.


P &amp; L management, responsibility and accountability in 30+ years' experience in the business of being in business: staffing, managing, developing and owning small businesses. Opened first business at age 14, a local fireworks stand, and have owned, operated and managed businesses since.


Pilot and Aircraft Dispatch Licenses: Commercial, Instrument and Multi-Engine ratings. 1,000 hours flight time including 100 hours turbine time.

US Air Force Air Combat Command: SIC (Shooter in charge) designee for demonstration teams and approved to deploy pyrotechnics on US Air Force, Navy and Marine installations. Expert in and nationally known for air show pyrotechnics.

Commercial Driver's License with Hazardous Materials endorsement.

Notary Public for State of Texas.

TWIC enrolled. Additional Federal background clearances approved since 1984.

Passport, current.

Never an issue with random drug tests.




  
    analyst
  
  
    Banking
  
  
    Benchmarking
  
  
    Consultant
    consultant
  
  
    contract negotiations
    Contracts
  
  
    cost control
    cost reduction
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Data Mining
  
  
    Financial Analyst
  
  
    Financial Reporting
  
  
    Government
  
  
    market
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Negotiating
    negotiating
  
  
    oil
  
  
    peak
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    annual reports
  


