
LAUREN RINGUETTE
3028 Gull Place
Clearwater, FL  33762
727-248-7058 (Cell)
727-556-2519 (Home)
Email: LRinguette@gmail.com

SUMMARY
Versatile, successful leader with extensive managerial, operational and technical experience developed during tenure with a leading health care benefits administration company. I am a customer focused, solutions-driven professional with a broad range of knowledge and expertise.

SPECIALTIES:
Business Analysis, Requirements and Design - Health Insurance Exchanges (Eligibility, Enrollment, Premium Funds Management) 
Personnel Management - develop and cultivate high performing cross-functional work teams
Program Management - ability to manage large, complex projects simultaneously
Process Management - process standardization - Certified Six Sigma Green Belt &amp; Champion
Benefits Administration expert (PPACA, ERISA, COBRA, HIPAA, FSA, Health &amp; Welfare)
Client Relationship Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Director, Benefits Administration (Feb 2005 - Nov 2009)
Service/Operations division: Managed 107 employees responsible for the operational, financial and compliance activities delivering health care benefits administration services to our clients' 300,000 employees and retirees. 
Responsible for cultivating and optimizing our team that performed transaction processing and tier 2 service operations for our Health &amp; Welfare, COBRA, HIPAA, Reimbursement and Retiree Benefits Administration services.
Received top performance achievement award for the process/systems design and implementation of the ARRA (American Recovery and Reinvestment Act) legislation - positively impacting 55,000 clients and 200,000 COBRA health insurance members.
Managed $7M operating budget maintaining a 60% operating margin.
Managed the closure of our Birmingham, MI office and successfully consolidated and integrated all benefits administration business functions and clients. 
Directed and managed key business initiatives to gain market parity and decrease operational costs.
Director, Quality Assurance COBRA Operations (Jan 2002 - Feb 2005)
Developed a quality assurance strategy and applied meaningful metrics for continuous improvements and embedded a quality focus into the culture of the organization. 
Created and managed a User Acceptance Testing Team, testing our internal software applications, ensuring positive and uninterrupted service to customers.
Developed and managed an Internal Audit Department responsible for auditing critical operational processes across the organization to ensure we maintain compliance with federal COBRA, HIPAA &amp; ERISA regulations.
Expert at integrating technology solutions into the business:
New phone system (Interactive Client ) 
IVR &amp; WEB features and functionality resulting in 30% increase in customer self service
Document Imaging and Workflow system (Acorde) 
Data exchange/file handling system (Vitria)
Mail distribution automation - enabling pre-sort/discounted mailing costs (Pitney-Bowes)

Sr. VP Compliance &amp; Quality Control (Jul 2000 - Dec 2001) Title adjusted to Director, Corporate Services in 2000 when Ceridian acquired ABR in 1999
Represented Ceridian Corporation in contributing to the development of the Economic Stimulus Package (presenter to the Senate Finance Committee and the Council of Economic Advisor to the White House in 2001)
Built and managed the operational, financial &amp; compliance activities of the Compliance and Internal Audit Dept. Assured 100% compliance with ERISA. 
Managed the Mail Distribution &amp; Fulfillment Service Center supporting all areas of the company. 55 employees, $2M operational budget.
Engaged with high level customer and legal contacts on managing high risk compliance issues. 

ABR INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. St. Petersburg, FL
Managing Vice President, Information Systems (Sep 1999 - Jun 2000) 
Managed 120 Information Systems professionals responsible for maintenance &amp; support for all custom in-house COBRA, FSA, Health &amp; Welfare and Retirement Plan Services software applications and systems.
Designed, planned and implemented the technical move of the Company, consolidating 900 employees from 3 different facilities into one St. Petersburg, FL campus without any business or service interruption to our customers.
Implemented successful Asset management process to prevent licensing issues.
Managing Vice President, CobraServ Operations (Feb 1994 - Sep 1999)
Managed 350 CobraServ employees responsible for delivering COBRA, HIPAA &amp; retiree billing benefits administration services representing 75% of the company's revenue ($40 mil). Managed 30,000 clients and 80,000 participants.  Managed a 30% per quarter growth rate for 16 consecutive quarters.
Responsible for client implementation, customer service and transaction processing operations for small and large fortune 100 &amp; fortune 500 companies (General Electric, Coca-Cola, Humana, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida, Blue Shield of California, etc.) 
Designed and successfully delivered and managed a new HIPAA product in 1996. 
Re-engineered processes, created Standard Operating Procedures, restructured the organization to facilitate operational efficiency and improved customer service. 
Managed the consolidation and integration of two subsidiary COBRA acquisitions. 
Managed, designed and implemented the Coverage Continuation Service product ($10M project) that provides a COBRA-like service to companies who are required to offer state health care continuation coverage.  

Various roles in Quality Assurance (Software Application Testing) (Aug 1988 - Feb 1994)
PAK2000 - Data Processing Manager (Feb 1986 - Jun 1988)
The Foxboro Company - Sr. Database Technician/Group Leader (Apr 1980 - Feb 1986)
South Shore Lincoln Press - Senior Data Entry Operator (Jan 1979 - Apr 1980)
The Foxboro Company - File Clerk (Jul 1976 - Dec 1978)

EDUCATION &amp; TRAINING
Associate of Science Degree, Fisher Junior College, Boston, MA			1979
Bryant College, Smithfield, RI							1984-85
Bishop Feehan High School, Attleboro, MA					1976
Dale Carnegie, Tampa, FL							Sep 1989
Leadership Development, Technology, Product and Customer Service courses	Ongoing

CERTIFICATIONS &amp; AWARDS
Certified Scrum Product Owner, Scrum Alliance					Mar 2011
Ceridian Star Award (outstanding Achievement for implementing ARRA)		Mar 2010
Re-Certified Six Sigma Green Belt, Ceridian					Apr 2005
President's Circle Award (outstanding Achievement - top performer)		Dec 2002
Certified Six Sigma Green Belt, Bluefire Partners					Nov 2001
Six Sigma Champion Training, Bluefire Partners					Jan 2001



1



  
    acquisitions
  
  
    Application Design
  
  
    Asset management
  
  
    auditing
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Benefits Administration
    benefits administration
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Analysis
    business analysis
  
  
    business process
  
  
    Ceridian
  
  
    content
  
  
    Council
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
  
  
    Customer Service
    customer service
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    features
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    focus
  
  
    FSA
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Funds
  
  
    Imaging
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    IVR
  
  
    Leadership Development
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    Exchange
    exchange
  
  
    Mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Organizational
  
  
    Personnel Management
  
  
    phone system
  
  
    presenter
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Process Management
  
  
    Program Management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Relationship Management
  
  
    Requirement
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    Sales support
  
  
    Six Sigma
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    systems design
  
  
    systems integration
  
  
    user training
  
  
    transaction processing
  
  
    Workflow
  


