
1




G. Michael Alley
2911 W. Julies Way
Bloomington, Indiana 47403
Cell: 317 652 - 6102
E-mail: purdue98@hotmail.com
	
EDUCATION:
M.S., Plant Molecular Biology
UNL, Lincoln NE (1999-2000, Incomplete)
B.S., Plant Molecular Biology and Physiology 
Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN (December 1998)

SCIENTIFIC EXPERIENCE:
June 2007 - January 2010
Research Associate
Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Johnston, IA 
Technical lead in the Antibody Reagent group with primary focus on testing and optimization of antibody-protein interaction.  Primary tools employed include Western Blot, SDS-PAGE, and ELISA.  Lead development of Best Practice protocols for Western Blot (Invitrogen iBLOT system), SNAP rapid protein detection (Millipore) and Qiagen Ni-NTA ELISA.   A contributing team member in Quantitative and Qualitative ELISA development for analysis of transgenic protein expressed during crop development.  Directly contributed to antibody pair testing and optimization, assay condition testing; limit of detection, matrix testing, standard curve development and validation reports.  Additional skills include protocol design, statistical analysis of experimental data and data presentation in written and oral forms.

June 2004 - June 2007
Contract Scientist
Kelly Scientific Services, Dow AgroSciences, ADME Group (Activity Biology), Indianapolis, IN
Primary focal point for conducting absorption, translocation, and metabolism experiments in plant, fungal, and insect systems using radiolabeled and non-labeled experimental compounds.  Designed and conducted environmental stability assays of novel compounds under controlled conditions.  Technical lead for rat liver microsomal assays to evaluate toxicology of experimental compounds.  Skilled in HPLC (Waters), phosphor imaging, and liquid scintillation to analyze and report on experimental samples generated.  Worked directly with Sr. Scientist in data analysis and presentation of experimental results.   Managed group cell-culture program as well as overall lab maintenance (e.g. safety: biological and radiation, equipment upkeep, and supplies).  




January 2001 - June 2007
Research Assistant
Indiana University School of Medicine, Laboratory of Molecular Neurogenetics, Indianapolis, IN
Primary lead on molecular study of Alzheimer's Disease (AD) with focus on *-Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP) and mAPOE (Apolipoprotein E) 5' promoter region. Created serial deletion constructs of the mAPOE gene 5' regulatory region followed by transient transfection of constructs in various mammalian cell lines to evaluate functional characteristics (i.e. up-regulation and down-regulation regions). Independently assessed the effect of cholinesterase inhibitors and novel compounds on APP processing in mammalian cell lines. Conducted RNA analysis of decreased protein expression levels in relationship to mode of action study.    Optimized hAPP ELISA to various mammalian cell lines to improve evaluation parameters. Initiated and maintained cell culture lines (e.g. PC12, C6, SKNSH, HeLa, and Mv1Lu) used in protein expression/transfection assays. Additional roles:  Primary laboratory radiation safety officer.  Directly involved in mentoring incoming graduate students and part time staff in applicable molecular methods and laboratory safety.  
Scientific Publications:
8 Peer Review Publications and 5 Conference Abstracts (IU School of Medicine, IUPUI).  Submitted upon request.
Experienced in the following techniques:
DNA and RNA extraction from mammalian cell cultures and whole blood samples (IU School of Medicine)
Genomic DNA extraction from plant tissue (Purdue University/Graduate Program)
Western, Southern, and Northern blotting in support of scientific publications (IU School of Medicine)
ELISA in support of novel compound evaluation of protein expression (IU School of Medicine)
Plant cell culture initiation, maintenance, and cryo-preservation (Kelly Scientific at Dow AgroScience)
Chromatography (TLC-CAT, HPLC) in support of promoter activity (IU School of Medicine) and novel    compound plant metabolism studies (Kelly Scientific at Dow AgroScience)
SoftMax and Nonlinear (Total Lab T120) Software for data generation and evaluation of protein expression  and detection (Pioneer Hi-Bred Int'l)
Tecan Genesis Spectrophotometer-UV/Vis platform
Codon Code: Sequence analysis software
Primer Design Software:  Primer3, IDT
Office Software:  Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Exchange.  Adobe Photoshop

Manufacturing (Quality Assurance/Quality Control):
June 1988 - August 1993
Ryobi Die-Casting (USA), Shelbyville, IN  
Laboratory Technician: C.N.C. operator for the destructive inspection of production parts.  Operated Fluoroscopic X-Ray. 
 * GD&amp;T and gauging
Senior Laboratory Technician:  Primary lead in all programming of C.N.C. for product inspection. 
* Performing first article and first piece approval
Analyzed incoming and in-house molten aluminum.  Wrote and updated laboratory manuals.  
Daily operation of Metallographic laboratory.  
* Utilize skills in measurement, metrology and blueprint reading
Assisted Quality Engineer and Manager with in-house and customer quality concerns. 
Layout Technician:  Programming and operation of the Coordinate Measuring Machine. Wrote SOP for inspectors.
Project Coordinator:  Developed and implemented quality assurance measures for new product start up.
 
Personal Development Training:
  Six Thinking Hats (de Bono), Pioneer Hi-Bred International, February 2008
  Time Management Seminar, Pioneer Hi-Bred International, April 2008
Technical Education:	
 Certified Radioisotope User (Purdue University/University of Nebraska/IUPUI/Dow AgroSciences)
Certificates and Awards:	
 Certificate of Distinguished Service-School of Science Student Council (IUPUI).
 Safety Initiative Award.  Biology Group, Dow AgroScience. 
Activities:
School of Science Student Council (Purdue University School of Science)
Biology Club (Purdue University School of Science)




















  
    Adobe Photoshop
  
  
    AD
  
  
    blueprint reading
  
  
    C
    c
  
  
    oral
  
  
    Council
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    Design Software
  
  
    ELISA
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Gateway
  
  
    HPLC
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    Layout
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Exchange
  
  
    Office
  
  
    Powerpoint
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    Midi
  
  
    novel
  
  
    optimization
  
  
    PAGE
  
  
    PCR
  
  
    Programming
    programming
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    quality assurance
  
  
    research
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    Scientific
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    statistical analysis
  
  
    Technician
  
  
    UV
  
  
    validation
  
  
    written
  


