
Letitia I. Hall
580 Manning Road SW | Marietta, GA | Post Code: 30064 | C: 770-722-2064 | hall_letitia@yahoo.com
learning &amp; development professional 
Over 15 years of experience in the Training and Human Resources industries.  Solid knowledge of academic administration in the university and professional services environments. Proven facilitation and presentation skills as a learning consultant and trainer.  Comprehensive experience as a technical administrator of hardware using imaging software and hands-on troubleshooting.  Infallible customer relations experience in process-improvement implementation with Fortune 500 clients and stakeholders. Proven abilities introducing best practices in virtual, blended and e-learning curricula. 
Experience
                   
eLearning Systems Administrator                                               
Support 7 hospitals equaling 8500 system users of Decision Critical LMS.  
 Upload, build and manage all course content, surveys and exams for clinical and nonclinical training modules across the organization.  
Serve as SME to all stakeholders and clinical educators by training them on functionality, assigning security roles and performing as point of contact concerning all system relations.

Royal Bank of Scotland,  (contractor) London UK                                                                       12/2010- 01/2011     
LMS Systems Administrator                                               
Brought on-board to assist with Year End process improvement and to improve LMS functionality.
 Served as system support for Global Banking and Markets departments on a international scale. Managed the process of reporting, password resets, data uploads and face-to-face troubleshooting of Tier 1 and 2 support issues.

BP Operations-Global Learning Ops,  (contractor) London UK                                             05/2010- 07/2010     
Blended Learning Coordinator                                                
Managed  LMS portals, uploaded courses and VLE exams and led training sessions on portal functionality to delegates. 
 Corresponded, globally with counter parts on reporting strategies and tools, online training tips and functionality of portals.

Western Union-Learning Operations, (contractor)  London UK                                             07/2010- 11/2010
Trainer/LMS System Support
Managed multiple learning applications,  resolved customer inquiries and provided global stakeholders
 with daily updates on LMS functionality.
Introduced best practices and trained support teams on core functionality of LMS software.  Worked 
with system users and provided guidance and support for the application.
 




Ultimate Software Group, Atlanta, GA USA                                                                           02/2006- 03/2010
National Training Coordinator
Manages all training logistics of the company's virtual, roaming/in-house client training programs.  Provides technical and customer support for our client Online Registry system. Administrative manager of the Atlanta Training Center (4 class rooms, 45 roaming laptops and 50 virtual databases). 
Provides curriculum guidance and advisement for new clients seeking training specific to their jobs, product implementation, and re-certifications in the HR and Payroll industries.
Functioned as an Implementation and Configuration team lead for company's new LMS system. Single point of contact for clients and employees needing instruction or guidance on our LMS back office and front office systems.
Coordinates third-party vendor relationships and manages the operating budget. Plans events and team conferences on locally, and nationally.

Family Dollar Distribution, Marianna, FL USA
            10/2004 -08/2005
Training and Safety Coordinator
Updated tests, documents, and evaluation procedures for employees needing job-function training.
Introduced job aids and visual tools , refresher training and facilitated new hire orientations.
  Interac Consulting, Tokyo, Japan                                                                                              05/2003 -05/2004
Learning Consultant
Facilitated presentation skills and Business English client training. Developed supplementary course materials as well as updated existing training materials and job aids.

Provided organization development support and mentorship to strategic teams responsible for global training initiatives. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Atlanta, GA USA                                                             06/2001-05/2002
Training Coordinator
Performed training administration for global clients, remotely and on-site.
Administered the self-directed and e-learning client registrations using various LMS products. 
Presented process improvements measurements to clients on a quarterly basis.


Georgia State University- Continuing Ed, Atlanta, GA USA                                  03/1998-05/2001

Program Specialist
Conducted all program marketing, analysis, financial reporting for certificate programs and open enrollment courses.
Managed the administration of professional development programs and certification courses offered by the Division of Continuing Education.
Recruited instructors and contracted faculty to facilitate open enrollment training for standardized test preparation. 




Clark Atlanta University, Atlanta, GA USA                                                              08/1996 - 01/1998
Program Assistant
Provided guidance to high school students in college selection, financial aid procedures and math and science career opportunities. 
Managed all activity planning, coordination and marketing of the college preparatory program.   Reported participant progress through database management and monthly status reports. 




Education &amp; applications experience
Maryville College, Tennessee, USA
Bachelor of Arts, Major in Biology
5/1996
Symantec Ghost Cast 8.0, Cognos Impromptu 7-8.2 DK Systems and Sum Total LMS 7.2-8.2 systems, Mindleaders, Skill Soft and SmartStream, Surgient Virtual Environment, SkyTap. Moodle , Microsoft XP and Office Suite, Live Meeting, InterWise, GroupWise, WebEx Citrix, Lotus Notes, Smart Stream, Decision Critical, SharePoint



  
    Administrative
  
  
    Banking
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business English
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    Cognos Impromptu 7
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    content
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer support
  
  
    database management
    databases
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial reporting
  
  
    front office
  
  
    Ghost
  
  
    GroupWise
  
  
    HR
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    laptops
  
  
    team lead
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    math
  
  
    Office Suite
    office
  
  
    organization development
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    presentation skills
  
  
    process improvement
  
  
    progress
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Symantec
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    troubleshooting
  


