
GLENDA D. NEAL
Northridge, CA 91325-4648
Phone: (818) 224-8109
E-mail: gdneal@yahoo.com
Objective:  Seeking a position with an employer that will benefit from my experience and expertise.

SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Detail Oriented
Excellent Written and Verbal Communication
Extensive Customer Service
Medical Terminology and Transcription
Excellent Organizational Skills
Team Player and Team Leader
Ability to work with diverse population
Corporate, Education, and Medical Employment


WORK EXPERIENCE

Part-time Vocational/Adult Education Teacher for the Los Angeles Unified School District's Career Technical and Business Education Division.  This position includes instructing and assisting students per the Division of Adult Education LAUSD Course Outlines.  Instruct General Clerk/Automated Office Procedures Typist/Keyboarding, Computer Operator Literacy, Computer Operator/Software Applications.  Substitute teacher for computer applications and business education classes throughout District. 

2/10 - 9/11	Black Infant Health Program, Mission Hills, CA 91345
		Community Health Outreach Worker

	Outreach Worker for non-profit organization.  The Program provides support for African American women who are pregnant or parenting a child one year of age or younger.  As an Outreach Worker, I conduct home visits with clients, provide incentives, and transport them to Social Support and Empowerment classes.  I provide housing, employment, and education referrals.  Organize community outreach days to enroll new clients, assist with community activities i.e., yearly Celebrating Healthy Babies and MLK Annual Breakfast.  Meet with directors and program managers of housing, transitional, and maternity homes to enroll their clients into the Program and in turn, we refer our clients for their services.   Organize and prepare progress notes for a client caseload of twenty-five or more clients.  Make weekly phone calls to clients to discuss their needs and schedule appointments for home or office visits.


11/04 - 05/07	California State University, Northridge, CA 91330
		Administrative Support Assistant II

As part-time Administrative Support Assistant II for the Genetic Counseling Program, the duties include typing letters, memos, correspondence, and meeting agendas; record and transcribe meeting minutes.  Develop and use spreadsheets for the Program's student admissions and other Program documents.  Maintain budgets utilizing PeopleSoft.  Serve as primary contact for Program applicants throughout the admission process.  Process Program student applications, respond to their inquiries via e-mail and postal mail, and maintain current student and Program files.  Assist Director and Associate Director in scheduling Program admission interviews.  Interact and assist current students with thesis preparation, colloquium presentations, and other matters as needed.  Complete travel, photocopy, direct pay and various requisitions for Director and Program.  Interact with Dean's office to coordinate meetings, Program budgets, Advisory Board meetings, and reports requiring the use of SOLAR.  Coordinate student work-study applications and time sheets.  Order and maintain Program office supplies and equipment.  Organize Program annual conferences and other tasks assigned by Director and Associate Director.  




GLENDA NEAL
Resume
Page 2


12/03 - 04/06	Angels Way Maternity Home, Canoga Park, CA 91303
		HOUSE MANAGER 

Live-in House Manager for privately owned non-profit unwed mother's maternity home.  Planned meetings, meals, coordinated and supervised daily routine and chores for residents.  Organized weekly on-site computer, Bible Study, arts/crafts, and parenting classes for residents; assisted the computer class instructor with teaching Microsoft Word, Excel and Publisher programs.  Record journal entries daily and manage household petty cash.  Assist residents with infant care; transport to doctor and other appointments.  

5/01 - 12/03	The Children's Collective, Inc., Los Angeles, CA 90016
	ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT I I
	
As executive level administrative assistant to the executive director of this 18 site nonprofit childcare agency, my primary responsibilities were coordinating the director's daily agenda in conjunction with other duties.  Schedule monthly Board, management team, and additional agency meetings, which included, but not limited to preparing agendas and transcribing minutes.  Planned and coordinated quarterly agency trainings and presented motivational workshops for clerical staff.  Composed and typed correspondence.  Organized and scheduled site visits, luncheons, and grand openings of new sites.  Managed and arranged complex priorities, deadlines, and projects.  As liaison to state, county and federal funding agencies, processed contracts, grants, proposals, and highly classified materials.  Prepared and completed contract implementation with the City and State subcontractors for The Children's Collective, Inc.  


REFERENCES:	 Available upon request.



  
    administrative assistant
  
  
    Administrative Support
  
  
    arts
  
  
    agency
  
  
    budgets
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    computer applications
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Counseling
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    grants
  
  
    instructor
    instructing
  
  
    Keyboarding
  
  
    letters
  
  
    notes
  
  
    Director
    director
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    PeopleSoft
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    profit
  
  
    progress
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    teacher
    teaching
  
  
    phone
  
  
    typing
    Typist
  
  
    workshops
  


