
PAMELA JOHNSTON
49 Simmonds Street																                    617.910.7282 Marlborough, MA 01752										 	          pamjohnston20@gmail.com

SUMMARY
Dynamic leader with vast, executive experience in both digital and traditional media.  Journalist with a passion for emerging media and new technologies.  Proven content creator, product marketer, brand strategist, and spokesperson. Strong track record building and leading exceptionally loyal and motivated teams. Uncanny ability to deliver outstanding results on incredibly tight deadlines.

EXPERIENCE
GATHER.COM, Boston, MA								   								2/2007-5/2009
Vice President, Marketing &amp; Member Experience
Responsible for acquiring, retaining, and supporting members of innovative social network aimed at adults 30+.  Managed three cross-functional teams, including Marketing, Editorial, and Customer Support. Key member of senior management team reporting directly to the CEO.  Crafted and implemented complex business strategies aimed at driving buzz, brand awareness and traffic. 
Implemented lifecycle email program to welcome and retain new members. Program increased 	first month retention rates by 42%
Negotiated and closed multiple strategic partnerships including deals with CNN, Simon &amp;
Schuster, Random House, Court TV, BzzAgent, Divine Caroline &amp; Mom Logic
Recruited respected bloggers to contribute unique, high-quality content to the site
Managed off-line meet-up's called "Gatherings"
Helped define the user experience by representing and advocating for the defined target audience 	during the product development process

WLVI-TV, Boston, MA								   								  		  1998-2007
News Director, 2002-2007
Managed and led 50-person newsroom in the 6th largest television market in the country.   Supervised all content, editorial direction, conceptual planning, and creative execution of newscasts and news specials.  Committed to delivering quality journalism, ratings growth, and developing original revenue streams.
Brought live news content and streaming video to station's website
In 2005, The Ten O'Clock News achieved both record-high ratings and revenue growth
Pamela Johnston																				         Page 2


Assistant News Director,	1999-2002
Managed tone, style, pace, and content of award-winning nightly newscast. Provided journalistic and creative direction to news department.  Respected for interpersonal skills, integrity, and team building.
Developed original programming to showcase station talent
Crafted and executed newsroom Code of Ethics and Disaster Plans  
Provided executive-style on-air coaching for station executives

News Producer, 1998-1999
Front-line creator and visionary behind nightly newscast; responsible for story selection and placement, copy writing and editing, and assigning duties to field producers and reporters.
Set up and produced live coverage, breaking news, and special events
Developed and approved the graphic look of the station

WRAL-TV, Raleigh, NC																		     	   1995-1998
News Producer
Wrote and edited all news copy for nightly one-hour newscast. Worked closely with reporters and anchors to ensure content is timely, compelling, and accurate.
Selected by News Director to take over production of struggling newscast 
Grew the show's ratings and revenue by 5% in three months

WMTW-TV, Portland, ME																	 	    1993-1995
News Producer
Successfully launched Portland, Maine's first one-hour newscast. Drove content, flow, and appearance of broadcast.

THE CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR, Boston, MA											   1990-1993
Researcher
Fact-checker, researcher and production assistant for nightly, international news show


HONORS AND AWARDS
Associated Press Award for Best Newscast - 2005
Winner of Tribune's Broadcast Journalism Award - 2005, 2003
Named one of Boston Magazine's Top 10 Most Powerful Women - 2003
Emmy Award Winner for Outstanding Informational Program - 1999
Massachusetts Broadcasters Award Winner for Best Newscast - 1998
Emmy Award Winner for Overall Excellence - 1998, 1997
Maine Broadcasters Award Winner for Best Newscast - 1995


PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Completed series of extensive management leadership training courses - 2010, 2009, 2007
Selected to participate in Tribune's Leadership Development Program - 2000


EDUCATION
B.S., Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY



  
    benefits
  
  
    broadcast
  
  
    business strategies
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    interpersonal skills
  
  
    content
  
  
    copy writing
  
  
    creative direction
  
  
    Customer Support
  
  
    product development
  
  
    direction
  
  
    driving
  
  
    editorial
    editing
    Editorial
  
  
    email
  
  
    special events
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    functional
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    journalism
    journalistic
  
  
    team building
  
  
    Logic
  
  
    Director
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    Mom
  
  
    network
    Networking
    networks
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    programming
  
  
    quality
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    researcher
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    streaming video
  
  
    TV
    television
  
  
    unique
  
  
    video
  
  
    website
  


