
Rebecca Jensen
(650) 787-6500    rj6500@gmail.com

Objective

Executive Administrator 

Summary

I am an administrative professional with experience at Resource Interactive, Stanford University, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, and internationally respected apparel and marketing firms abroad. I have outstanding interpersonal and computer expertise; with my can-do attitude, I increase productivity, both quantitatively and qualitatively, by utilizing my diverse skills and experiences at the highest level.

Specialties

* Superior proficiency in verbal and written communication
* Excellent organizational, time management and problem solving skills
* Detail oriented with exceptional follow through
* Positive can-do attitude
* Outstanding computer skills (MAC and PC: Microsoft Office 2011 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint,
  Outlook, Access), Adobe Acrobat 9, Photoshop, Filemaker Pro, Oracle, Proprietary based software) 

Experience

Executive Assistant | Office Manager at Resource Interactive   July 2010 - January 2012
Provided administrative support to the Executive Director; fielded various communications and correspondence, managed schedules, activities, meetings and appointments, expense reports, assisted with presentation development and coordinated travel arrangements. Handled all office operations: asset procurement, allocation, management, and organized events for corporate and client visits.

Executive Assistant at Stanford University   2007 - 2008 
Supported the Vice President of Hospital Development, overseeing fundraising efforts for the new hospital and capital campaign for Stanford Hospitals and Clinics.

DSA - Armani Collezioni | Fine Apparel at Neiman Marcus   2007
Managed and drove Armani Collezioni retail sales and operations for the Palo Alto door in excess of 1.5 million annually as a joint employee of both the Neiman Marcus Group and Giorgio Armani USA.

DSA - Armani Collezioni | Collectors at Nordstrom    2003 - 2007
Managed 75% of Collectors department inventory and sales. Increased volume of the Armani
Collezioni business by 8.7% in 2005 and 11.6% in 2006, going on to become the retailer's second
highest volume door by 2007.

Executive Assistant at M.G.S. Co, Milan, Italy   2000 - 2003 
Facilitated Principal on corporate development, brand identity, RFP preparation, advertising, media
relations, trend forecasting, e-commerce, and retail expansion.

Professional Model: Print|Runway|Fitting at Elite: Milano, Paris, London, Hamburg   1988 - 2000 
Clients included: Giorgio Armani, Prada, Jil Sander, Karl Lagerfeld, Moschino, Fendi, and Jean Paul Gaultier.

Recommendations

"Rebecca worked with our team for over a year and was excellent in every way. She has great initiative and does so many extra things that are needed without ever being asked. She is also willing to do anything that needs to get done; simple or complex, she always figures out a way to make it happen. I would hire her again in a minute."
Kathi Fox, Vice President / Director - Palo Alto Tech Team:  Resource Interactive
http://www.linkedin.com/in/rj6500



  
    administrative support
  
  
    Adobe Acrobat 9
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    advertising
  
  
    brand identity
  
  
    com
  
  
    client
    Clients
  
  
    Detail oriented
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    Filemaker Pro
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    fundraising
  
  
    http
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    MAC
  
  
    Director
  
  
    media
relations
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    presentation development
  
  
    problem solving skills
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    retail
  
  
    retail sales
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    sales
  
  
    time management
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    trend
  
  
    written communication
  


