
BRIAN KAVANAGH
3111 Kailani Court
Ormond Beach, FL 32174 
Phone: 38-673-1919, Ext 212
Email: B.Kavanagh@iasacts.com
	
INSURANCE	
EXPERIENCE:	

2005 -2009 Years	Integrated Actuarial Systems, Inc. 			Ormond Beach
The company develops and markets software for the insurance and related industries to aid in their pricing, financial reports and audits required by state and federal regulations. 
Clients include major insurance companies, accounting firms, state and federal agencies. IAS's	software has been accredited for use by Federal Agencies.  
1990 - 2005	North American Company 				Chicago 
Full-Time Consultant. In charge of the development of all the company's UL product line. Originated and implemented Term UL which became the company's most successful product. 
12/83-1985	Taft-Hartley Company 					Chicago
President. Company developed and marketed software systems in USA and Canada for processing pension benefits and health claims under ERISA. 
1980- 1983	National Ben Franklin Insurance Company	Chicago 
Senior Life Actuary. Company specialized in sales of life and A&amp;H products through the print media. 
1978 -1980	Reed- Ramsey, Inc. 						Chicago
Consulting Actuary. As consulting actuary, advised corporate clients on pension issues and produced filing reports.

	
INVESTMENT
EXPERIENCE:	

1973-1978	Intravest Securities, Inc					Hartford
Executive V.P.  Company marketed equity plans in which money was invested in mutual funds which were used as collateral to finance insurance premiums.  Was registered as a Principle with the NASD.

	
	
ADDITIONAL
EXPERIENCE:	

Frequent speaker at the Society of Actuaries Meetings.
Many published articles in the trade press including Life Contingencies, Broker World, Products Development News and the National Underwriter.
Active on Academy of Actuaries committees relating to new regulations including Reg. XXX and the Reg. on Equity Indexed Annuities. Currently active on the Annuity Reserve Work Group committee. This work group will next work on PBR.  
Authored the Market Value Reserve Method which is one of the two market value methods specified in the final regulation for EIA's.  This regulation was the first time the actuarial profession in the United States addressed derivatives in the calculation of statutory reserves.   

	
QUALIFICATIONS:
	+
Member of the American Academy of Actuaries 
Enrolled Actuary (needs to be renewed)
ASA

EDUCATION 	
EXPERIENCE:	

			St. Malachy's College					Ireland
		Graduated 1st in Class in mathematics at the top rated high school in Ireland

Queen's University						Ireland
Graduated 1st in Class in mathematics (quantum theory).
Awarded the Lord Dufferin Medal for a paper on Northern Ireland's political problems presented to the Literary and Scientific Society of Queen's University.  Also served as President of this society for one year.





  
    accounting
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    derivatives
  
  
    equity
  
  
    filing
  
  
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    funds
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    money
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    print media
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Sarbanes-Oxley
  


