
Louise J. O'Donnell                                                           203-240-9175
501 2725 N. Hwy A1a , Indialantic, Fl 32903
41 Gillotti Rd, New Fairfield, Ct 06812
                                                                       louise.j.odonnell@gmail.com

Professional Profile
   Positive team player with excellent PR and training skills. I am fortunate to have experienced various positions
   in my career. I am looking for a new adventure that will enable me to use my language, people, administrative
   and creative skills. I enjoy traveling.

       Fluent in English, French and Spanish                     Solid Computer Skills
       Superior Customer Service                                 Effective trainer
       World Traveler                                            Team Player
       Dedicated and enthusiastic educator                       Professional
       Excellent organizational skill


Professional Experience
   New Fairfield School District, New Fairfield, Ct
   2000-2002
Substitute Teacher
              Achievements:
                     Offered computer based training for teachers in 2000-2001.

   Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Vancouver, BC
   1992-1998
IT Assistant
              Achievements:
                     Responsible for the installation of over 350 computers. Set up the units and trained the
                     employees on the new email application. Reduced support calls on the helpline for the new
                     application.
                     Managed the helpline. I was the only bilingual support person who could service all the
                     departments.
              Responsibilities:
                    In-house training of CBC software.
                    Hardware and software support to the French and English Departments on Microsoft
                    application
                 Software support on CBC applications
Louise J. O'Donnell          203-240-9175 louise.j.odonnell@gmail.com

                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2

  Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Vancouver, BC
  1989-1992
Administrative Assistant
            Achievements:
                   Simplified the filing system which cross referenced between the French Regional Director
                   and the Director of Radio
                   Promoted professional and excellent working relation with our English counterpart and the
                   technical departments.
            Responsibilities:
               Administered the French Regional office, coordinated schedules of the French Regional
               Director, organized activities, meetings and radio schedules for the Director of the French radio,
               performed many public relation duties, provided general support for technical problems with
               radio, television and administrative staff.



  North Vancouver City Library, North Vancouver, BC
  1988-1998
French Storyteller
            Achievements:
                   Convinced the NVCL that their French resources were not fully used and offered my
                   services as a volunteer French Storyteller. A part-time position was created in the
                   Children's Department.
                   I was instrumental in the purchase by the library of CD-ROM encyclopedias in French and
                   English.
                   Library Web site was only setup in English. The library accepted my proposal to set up an
                   equivalent site in French, I was responsible to create and maintain it on a weekly basis.
            Responsibilities:
                  Responsible for 2 Saturday Story Times in French.
                  Responsible for the ordering of all French children's collection.
                  Helped the circulation desk on Friday and Saturday.

Miscellaneous Positions
                   Front Desk Clerk at the Quebec Hilton, Quebec, PQ. Promoted to senior clerk
                   within 7 months of front desk duty.
                   Reservation Clerk for Autohost in Quebec City, Quebec, PQ. Managed the rental company
                   when it first started in Quebec City. Increased sales to compete with Hertz.
                   Administrative Assistant for the Franco-Albertain, the only French Newspaper in
                   Alberta. I was also involved in typesetting and layout-out of the newspaper.
                   Translator English/French for Canada Post Employee Monthly Publication in Alberta.
                   Earthquake Preparedness Instructor for the North Shore Neighborhood Emergency
                   Preparedness Program for 5 years.
                   Hopital Christ Roi, Quebec City. Worked as a part-time Nursing aid for 3 years.
Louise J. O'Donnell            203-240-9175 louise.j.odonnell@gmail.com

                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2

  Education




  WCSU, Danbury, Ct                                          Carleton University, Ottawa, Ontario Canada
  Spanish Certification K-12                                 BA History/Political Science
  2005                                                       1977

  ARC Certification in French and K-12                       Certified Earthquake Preparedness Instructor.
  2001

Interests
     I swim a mile, 5 times a week. I also power walk.
     I enjoy jewelry making.
     Love iphones, ipads, ipods.
     Enjoy word games on my Kindle.
     Avid reader, on my Kindle, hard cover books and on cds in the car.
     Believes in good causes and will volunteer especially for the ones related to children and animals.


References
  References are available upon request.



  
    administrative
  
  
    Administrative Assistant
  
  
    CD-ROM
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    Customer Service
  
  
    educator
  
  
    email
  
  
    Fluent in English
    English
  
  
    filing
  
  
    French
  
  
    Instructor
  
  
    layout
  
  
    Director
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    office
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Newspaper
    newspaper
  
  
    Nursing
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    PQ
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    Publication
  
  
    Radio
    radio
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    Team Player
  
  
    Software support
    software support
  
  
    television
  
  
    trainer
  
  
    Translator
  
  
    typesetting
  
  
    video
  
  
    Web site
  


