
XIAOXI LIU
6246 Adobe Circle, Irvine, CA, 92617
Cell: 949-335-8209    xiaoxil@uci.edu

SUMMARY
6 years research experience in materials modeling, materials testing plus instrument design.
Strong focus on development of mechanical model and mechanical testing for biological materials, metal and polymers.
Experienced in Scanning/Transmission Electron Microscope, failure analysis, finite element analysis, biomimetic design and materials preparation. 
Highly proficient in statistical analysis and LabVIEW based instrumentation and modeling. 

Computer Skills: LabVIEW, MSC Marc, Solidworks, AutoCAD, MATLAB, Mathematica, Origin, Microsoft Office.
Instrument Skills: TEM, SEM, ESEM, EDX, XRD, DSC, TGA, MTS test system. 

EDUCATION
University of California, Irvine Ph.D in Materials Science and Engineering (3.9 GPA), expected June, 2012. 
University of California, Irvine MS in Materials Science and Engineering (3.7 GPA), December, 2008. 
South China University of Technology BS in Materials Science and Engineering (3.7 GPA), June, 2007. 

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
Department of Materials Science and Engineering at South China University of Technology                        
May.2006 - Jun. 2007
--Preparation and characterization of biomaterials and nanoparticles
Project 1:
Prepared two-layer integrative hydrogels as bionic articular cartilage replacement materials.
Determined the biocompatibility of prepared hydrogels as replacement materials by investigating water states using DSC and TGA.
Project 2:
Synthesized leucite powder as an addictive to strengthen dental porcelain.  
Evaluated crystallization mechanism of leucite powder using a combination of techniques, ranging from chemical reaction monitoring to microstructure imaging.
Project 3:
Prepared and characterized  nano sized TiO2 particles from industrial titaniferous solutions. 

TEACHING EXPERIENCE
Department of Chemical Engineering and Materials Science at University of California, Irvine 
Apr. 2008 - Jun. 2011
Courses: Design Failure Investigation
Prepared student research projects, set up experimental apparatus and provided experimental guidelines.
Led discussion sessions and office hours to facilitate students' learning of complex materials and concepts.
Developed presentations for groups of students with different majors. 

PUBLICATIONS
X. Liu, H. Youssefpour, A. P. Summers, M. N. Dean and J. C. Earthman, 2012. Stress relaxation behavior of tessellated skeleton from the Jaws of Blue Sharks. Submitted to Journal of Biomechanics.
X. Liu, H. Youssefpour, A. P. Summers, M. N. Dean and J. C. Earthman, 2012. Instrumented percussion analysis of shark tessellated skeleton. In preparation.
X. Liu, A. P. Summers, M. N. Dean and J. C. Earthman, 2010. Mechanics of a composite structural model of the shark's skeleton in bending: a novel architecture for biomimetic materials. Journal of Materials Science and Engineering C 30. 1077-1084.
Y.Zhang, C. Qu, J. Wu, Ming. L, P. Rao, X. Liu, 2008. Synthesis of Leucite from Potash Feldspar, Journal of Wuhan University of Technology-Mater. Sci. Ed. 23 (4), 452-455.
X. Liu, L.Zeng, P. Liu, H. Wang, 2006. Preparation of nanometer titanium dioxide by industrial titaniferous Solution, Foshan Ceramics 11.

PRESENTATIONS
X. Liu, H. Youssefpour, M. N. Dean , A. P. Summers &amp; J. C. Earthman,2011. Dynamic Mechanical Behavior of Shark Tessellated Skeleton.  The Minerals, Metals &amp; Materials Society Annual Meeting &amp; Exhibition (Symposium: Biological Materials Science; San Diego, CA).
X. Liu, H. Youssefpour, M. N. Dean, A. P. Summers &amp; J. C. Earthman, 2011. Numerical Study of Shark Tessellated Skeleton in Bending. Chemical Engineering and Materials Science Seminars, UC Irvine.
J. C. Earthman, B. D. Buckner, K. S. Chan, X. Liu, V. Markov, 2012. Leave-in-Place Laser Scanning for Fatigue Damage Monitoring and Prognosis. The Minerals, Metals &amp; Materials Society Annual Meeting &amp; Exhibition (From Macro to Nano, Understanding Mechanical Behavior across Length Scales: A Structural Materials Division Symposium in Honor of Robert Ritchie).

AWARDS, HONORS &amp; ASSOCIATIONS
Research Scholarship of Department of Chemical Engineering and Materials Science at UC Irvine, 2008 - 2011.
Fellowship Award of Department of Chemical Engineering and Materials Science at UC Irvine, 2007 - 2008.
First Class Student Scholarship of South China University of Technology, 2003 - 2005.
Enterprise Scholarship of South China University of Technology, 2004 - 2005.
Member of the American Society for Metals (ASM) and the Minerals, Metals &amp; Materials Society (TMS) .












  
    AutoCAD
  
  
    designing
  
  
    DSC
  
  
    functional
  
  
    imaging
  
  
    inspiration
  
  
    LabVIEW
  
  
    Laser
    laser
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Mathematica
  
  
    MATLAB
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    office
  
  
    modeling
  
  
    MSC
  
  
    MTS
  
  
    novel
  
  
    predict
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Solidworks
  


