
                                                             EBEN MANNES           49034 Burt St.
                                                                                   Ripley, Michigan 49930


                                                                                   (231) 920 5771
                                                                                   Louis@EbenMannes.com
                                                                                   EbenMannes@gmail.com

                                                                                   EbenMannes.com




PROFILE
I am a Sound Designer/Engineer from Houghton, Michigan with experience in broadcast, studio recording, mu-
sic, and live sound for theatre and entertainment.

EXPERIENCE

WMTU 91.9 FM HOUGHTON-- 2008-2012
Chief Broadcast Engineer for one year, Alternative Music Director for one year, DJ for 4 years, live sound for sta-
tion shows, including 3 years of Keweenawesomefest and Farmblock Festival, booking and promoting for many
shows, including K-fest. (wmtu.mtu.edu)

WOODRUFFS VENUE AND BAR - SUMMER 2011
Nightly live sound for various bands. (woodruffsbar.com)

AVS(AUDIO VIDEO SERVICES) - SUMMER 2011
Commercial live sound for events in the Ann Arbor and Detroit area, including equipment supply, set-up, FOH.

NIMBUS GARDEN - 2009-CURRENT
Sound design and music composition for experimental software applications and gaming. (nimbusgarden.com)

EDUCATION
BA Sound Design, Michigan Technological University, 2008-2012

Wimbledon University of the Arts, London, Study Abroad 2011

SKILLS
Experience in realized sound design and music composition for theatrical productions. Sound Design for film and
games including experimental music composition. Extensive research into sound art and documentary. Broad-
cast engineering work including repairing, updating and replacing the signal chain, station to tower, online
streaming, and live show broadcast. Multitrack recording in live and studio settings. Music business, promotion
and show organization. Live sound stage management and FOH, digital or analog including numerous multiple
day music festivals. Musician and composer, drums/percussion, guitar, synth. Comfortable working with a broad
range of personalities in the music industry. Confident in trouble shooting and problem solving.

REFERRALS
Christopher Plummer, cplummer@mtu.edu, Associate Professor, Michigan Technological University VPA

Michael Shupe, theorpheumtheater@gmail.com, Owner of The Orpheum Theatre, Hancock MI

John Walikainen, itswally@gmail.com, WMTU General Manager, 2010-2011



  
    com
  
  
    Director
  
  
    music composition
  
  
    Owl
  
  
    sound
  
  
    Sound design
  
  
    Theatre
  


