
60 Oceano Ave #5                                                                                   
Santa Barbara, CA 93109                         Syed Asif Iqbal                                    
Mobile: (530) 830-2743
Email: iqbal27@gmail.com



                                       PROGRAM / PRODUCT MANAGEMENT

Strategic leader with senior management experience building high-performance organization, strong business acumen to
develop and execute strategy, instinct for developing great products and technical aptitude to lead world-class teams.
Product and program management expertise with 10+ years experience developing commercial and consumer solutions.

Organizational Development  Strategy Development  Product Management  Program Management  Product Design
   Portfolio Management  Risk Management  Change Management  Process Improvement  Startup Management


                                                CORE COMPETENCIES

Strategic &amp; Organizational Leadership: Proven record setting strategic direction as organization builder, change driver
and entrepreneur. Experience leading globally dispersed management and technical teams. Experience guiding Sales,
Marketing and R&amp;D at early-stage company. Strong focus on creating culture of responsibility, creativity and openness.

Product Management &amp; Strategy: Experience developing and driving product strategy, managing roadmap and making
go/kill decisions. Experience using metrics and market feedback to define requirements. Startup experience building
products on mobile and cloud platforms. Developed products for software, imaging, semiconductor and sonar industry.

Program &amp; Portfolio Management: Proven record directing global program management, leading all program managers
and establishing portfolio management. Experience deploying phase-gate process and agile methodology (SCRUM).
7+ years experience managing project risks, cross-functional teams and customer relationships through product lifecycle.

Change Management &amp; Turnaround: Experience leading charge to turnaround entire portfolio of development projects,
establish matrix structure and manage organization-wide change. Proven record breaking down functional silos, bridging
cultural barriers and rolling out process improvements. Experience revamping business strategy at early-stage company.


                                               RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Snapizzi Inc, Santa Barbara, CA                                                                  May 2009 - Apr 2011
Snapizzi is a funded early-stage company launched by serial entrepreneurs to market photo matching technology.

CEO, Feb 2010 - Apr 2011
Placed by Board of Directors to revamp business strategy, start generating revenue and reduce cash burn.
   &#183; Transitioned out e-commerce business model based on revenue share that had no adoption for a year. Successfully
     repositioned company as a workflow automation provider with SaaS model, which attracted new customers.
   &#183; Led 12-person startup through product and market validation to early revenue stage. Reduced 50% of cash burn by
     leading Sales and Marketing to focus on niche market and hiring talent to replace costly development contractors.
   &#183; Received acquisition bids from market players who foresaw disruptive potential of SaaS based workflow automation.
   &#183; Managed company finance and operations including responsibility of cash flow, PNL, financing, payroll and HR.

SVP of Product Development, May 2009 - Jan 2010
  &#183; Drove product strategy and led 6-person engineering team to develop patent-pending photo matching technology.
   &#183; Designed product user interface, oversaw development of scalable cloud-based (Amazon EC2, S3, Heroku) backend
     and launched minimum viable product to test market assumptions and capture customer feedback.
   &#183; Diagnosed ineffective sales calls and coached team to identify and address customer pain in lieu of selling features.

RESON Inc, Goleta, CA                                                                            Apr 2006 - Apr 2009
RESON is the industry leader in the design and manufacturing of underwater acoustic and sonar systems.

VP of Global Program Management, Apr 2008 - Apr 2009
Put in-charge of leading turnaround of all product and solutions development programs in the company and directing
global program management in US, Denmark and Netherlands as part of private equity driven corporate turnaround.
   &#183; Broke down functional silos that were causing productivity stagnation and transitioned into company-wide matrix
      structure. Managed all program managers, removed roadblocks and ensured timely execution of project activity.
   &#183; Developed product strategy, managed roadmap and made go/kill decisions in collaboration with Sales and R&amp;D.
      Implemented enterprise project portfolio management bringing visibility and focus to over-committed organization.
   &#183; Created customer-focused project management structure and processes to support strategic shift to offer customer
      solutions. Connected key functions and savvy people to provide focal point in managing customer relationships.
   &#183; Played instrumental role in bringing about transformational change to closed culture. Leveraged strong relationships
      and led by example to open up communication, promote creativity, focus on execution and bridge cultural barriers.
   &#183; Took on role of managing development of flagship product to fence off imminent disruptive competition. Fostered
      unprecedented level of collaboration between global teams launching at 30% reduced schedule to normalize threat.

Manager of Strategic Project Office, May 2007 - Apr 2008
Responsible for recovering critical programs and managing new PMO function to improve success rate across all projects.
  &#183; Took charge and successfully delivered company's largest product development program that had been delayed for
    over 3 years. Fulfilled $12M military and commercial contracts and led negotiations averting over $8M in penalties.
  &#183; Reduced project overruns and time-to-market by implementing requirements management and SCRUM in R&amp;D.
  &#183; Enabled timely and effective decision-making across projects by establishing metrics for schedule, risk, and staffing.
  &#183; Improved information flow across organization by coordinating cross-site and cross-functional activity and planning.

Program Manager, Apr 2006 - Apr 2007
Managed multiple product development and customer solutions programs through complete lifecycle.
   &#183; Led cross-functional and globally dispersed teams to deliver 3 customer solutions generating $6M in revenue.
   &#183; Responsible for development and launch of sonar system that enabled company to compete in new market segment.
   &#183; Managed project requirements, resource allocation, schedules and customer relationships.

LTX Corporation, Norwood, MA                                                                  Sep 2003 - Apr 2006
LTX develops high-performance automatic test equipment (ATE) serving the worldwide semiconductor industry.

Project Team Lead, May 2005 - Apr 2006
Led team of 9 engineers through complete development lifecycle of semiconductor automatic test solution.
   &#183; Architected and developed product that costs $15K/unit (75%) less than alternative. Awarded "key employee" bonus.
   &#183; Defined software and firmware requirements, designed hardware, wrote tests and performed system integration.

Hardware Design Engineer, Sep 2003 - Apr 2005
  &#183; Co-developed Gigabit data rate system that enabled the company to penetrate the PCI Express market.
  &#183; Identified inefficiency and improved design process for manufacturability and test resulting in faster product releases.

                                             ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

LTX Corporation, Norwood, MA                              Hardware Engineer                           Jun 2002 - Nov 2002
Dansk Blindesumfund, Copenhagen, Denmark                  Project Consultant                          Mar 2002 - May 2002
Analog Devices, Wilmington, MA                            Hardware Engineering Intern                 Jun 2001 - Aug 2001
EMC Corporation, Hopkinton, MA                            Hardware Engineering Intern                 Jan 2001 - May 2001
Fidelity Investments, Marlborough, MA                     Information Technology Intern               May 2000 - Aug 2000

                                                      EDUCATION

       B.Sc. Electrical Engineering (2002, Distinction), Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Worcester MA
      WPI President's Project Award; Tau Beta Pi and Eta Kappa Nu; President of International Alumni Association



  
    photo
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    automation
  
  
    business strategy
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    creativity
  
  
    decision-making
  
  
    product development
  
  
    directing
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    equity
  
  
    features
  
  
    finance
    financing
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    HR
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
    market
    Marketing
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    PCI
  
  
    processes
  
  
    program management
  
  
    project management
  
  
    Express
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    system integration
  
  
    test equipment
  
  
    user interface
  
  
    validation
  
  
    vision
  
  
    workflow
  


