
Randal LeBlanc
10514 Buddy Gore Rd. Gonzales, Louisiana 70737 Phone:  225-644-3732 E-Mail: randal_leblanc@yahoo.com


Objective: To obtain a challenging position in project management to develop my skills and contribute to the company's success.
Summary of Skills:
I have worked 22 years in the oil &amp; gas/petrochemical industry. I'm diversified in all phases of the construction process. My experience ranges from that of journeyman to project management, including project coordination, coordination of sub-contractors, planner, scheduler, estimator, cost control, field engineer, purchasing, major new construction, capital projects, and turnarounds. My experience covers all phases of construction (civil, equipment, piping, structural steel, electrical and instrumentation). Proficient with all industry standards, specifications, and drawings that include P&amp;ID, isometric, detail, orthographic, plan, E/I plans, one line drawings, loop sheets, wiring schematics, installation details, specifications etc.

Core Competencies:
Experience in Primavera P6.2, P5, P3 3.1, Microsoft Projects
Management, MS Project schedule Budgets and quantity/resource loading
Exporting/Importing schedules 
Validating data deltas and variances
Strong technical experience in estimating, scheduling, detailed project planning and cost budgeting, expenditure monitoring, Project Performance Tracking
Coordinating with consultants and clients on schedule sequence and logistics
Strong analytical skills used in the forecasting of costs &amp; risk analysis
Project experience with oil /gas and chemical industry at different phases such as planning, scheduling and designing (Engineering and Construction for Capital Projects)
Expertise in reviewing technical specifications, technical bid preparation /evaluations including scope, P &amp; ID, technical details etc. as it pertains to the industrial settings
I have vast experience of:
-	Budget planning and cost control
-	Reporting to Senior Management
-	Implementing and managing Change/Service Request Process
-	Auditing process (external and internal)
-	Working with different skills and cultures, managing critical resources and solving conflicts.
Leadership, result oriented, strong initiative, relationship abilities and high commitment complementing my skills. I am used to working under high pressure and complex environments including challenging goals

Professional Experience:
JE MERIT CONSTRUCTION, Baton Rouge, LA 1992-1995

E/I Technician for JE Merit at Exxon Refinery in Baton Rouge. Job duties consisted of executing small cap projects and preventive maintenance.

DAVIS INTERNATIONAL, Baton Rouge, LA 1990-1992

E/I Apprentice performing electrical and instrumentation work primarily at BASF in Geismar, LA.

Computer Proficiency: Primavera Software (P6 and P3), Contract Manager, SAP, MS Project 2007, CAD, MS PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Visio 5.0.

Education:
White Castle High School - White Castle, Louisiana (Graduated 1989)
International Technical Institute - Baton Rouge, Louisiana (Instrumentation 1989-1990)
Louisiana State University - Baton Rouge, Louisiana (Instrument Design 1992)
ABC Planning/Scheduling (2001)
ABC Supervision Course (2002)
PMO Link Corporation - Primavera P6 (2003)
PMO Link Corporation - Contract Manager (2004)


1


3




  
    accounting
  
  
    ABC
  
  
    budget
  
  
    CAD
  
  
    client
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    Drawing
  
  
    job analysis
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Mechanical
    mechanical
  
  
    EXCEL
    Excel
  
  
    office
  
  
    MS PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    oil
  
  
    Primavera
  
  
    Procurement
  
  
    Progress
    progress
  
  
    RFI
  
  
    safety
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    Scheduling
    scheduling
  
  
    SHELL
  
  
    Supervisor
    Supervision
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    Visio 5.0
  


