
     14785, Preston Road, Ste 550, Dallas, Texas-75254    214-329-9790


APARNA DUTT



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Excellent understanding of the Validation Development Lifecycle (VDLC) and QA Methodologies.
Experience in developing and reviewing Validation Protocols: Installation, Operational and Performance Qualification (IQ, OQ and PQ) and writing Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
Expert knowledge of FDA 21CFR Part 11: Electronic records and Electronic Signatures. 
Experienced in performing Gap Analysis, initiating Remediation Plan and Audit trails.
Excellent Knowledge of developing and reviewing Traceability Matrix.
Understanding of Sarbanes Oxley Law.
Proven ability to work as a technical writer and in preparing GXP assessment summary reports.
Proficient in Calibration and Validation of various Laboratory Instruments: Fermentor, Reactors, UV Spectrophotometers, HPLC's, FTIR.
Good understanding of GMP, GCP and GLP.
High level of familiarity with M.S Excel, Word, Access and Project. 
Solid analytical skills and ability to do root cause analysis of situations with an in-depth evaluation of various factors.


TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Scientific Data Management System(SDMS), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Project Management,  Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project Documentum eRoom, Track Wise, Windows NT, Windows /98/ 2000/ XP, UNIX.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
M.S Pharmaceutical Engineering 
B.S  Pharmacy


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Johnson &amp;Johnson, Skillman, NJ                                                 November, 2010- June 2011                                                           
Validation Consultant

Responsibilities
Reviewed and developed Quality System components including Master Validation Plan, Traceability matrix, SOPs and Change Control requests for the implementation of Clinical Systems. 
Experience in validating Agilent ChemStation software for UV- Visible Spectrophotometer and AmegaView CMS 3.0 used for Stability Chambers.
Determined user requirements and high level test objectives.
Prepared and reviewed software validation protocols IQ, ST&amp; UAT for Agilent ChemStation.
Responsible for writing URS/FRS and Test Scripts for AmegaView CMS.
Worked extensively with the QA team for designing Validation Plan, User Requirement Specification, Functional Requirement Specification and Test Scripts.
Involved in Data Migration Activity.
Participated in periodic review process.
Wrote System Configuration Specification and Validation summary report.
Maintained the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and frequently updated it to map all the requirements.


Amneal Pharmaceutical, Hauppauge, NY                                      Sept 2008 - September 2010
Validation Consultant 

Contributed to the successful completion of the migration and validation of two (2) Chromatography Data Systems.
Followed SOPs and provided technical support to the Testing team in preparing testing strategies, reviewing test scripts for correctness and completeness, supporting test execution and reviewing test results.
Configured test environment and create strategy for product development and certification. Approved result documentation and tracking systems updates.
Prepared several templates for testers to document test metrics and other QA needs.
Developed Traceability Matrix to track requirements for the software application module. 
Prepared and executed Validation protocols documents like IQ, OQ, PQ.
Supported UAT activities by training users on UAT test scripts, reviewing them for completion.
Involved in tracking deviations and resolutions prior to the system release into production.
Extensive experience in validation of  Waters Millennium, Waters Empower, Agilent ChemStation, Waters MassLynx, SoftMax.
Prepared defect reports and presented progress updates at weekly defect report meetings.
Involved in document management and project management through Documentum eRoom.


Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, INDIA 				                 Oct 2006 - Aug 2008
Validation Engineer

Conducted audits to determine the Validation status of systems in various departments. 
Monitored IQ, OQ, PQ and prepared a Final Validation Report. 
Involved in full Validation Development Life Cycle and maintained Project Schedules.  
Scheduled and ensured timely completion of validation activities.
Calculated data for Equipment Validation Studies  
Ensured that the system is in compliance with the 21 CFR part 11 electronic records and electronics signatures regulatory standards which included automatic date-time entry, multi-level password security and secure system sign-on features. 
Maintained the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and frequently updated it to map the test cases to new requirements. 
Reviewed the User Requirements specification (URS) and Functional Requirements Specification (FRS).
Prepared a detailed Validation Test plan and Test Criteria. 
Ensured Data Migration as per compliance.  

















  
    21 CFR part 11
  
  
    analytical skills
  
  
    Calibration
  
  
    CMS
    CMS 3.0
  
  
    Data Management
  
  
    Data Migration
  
  
    designing
  
  
    product development
  
  
    document management
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Documentum
  
  
    electronics
  
  
    features
  
  
    FTIR
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    GCP
  
  
    GLP
  
  
    GMP
  
  
    HPLC
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    Microsoft Visio
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows /98
  
  
    Windows NT
  
  
    Word
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Millennium
  
  
    OQ
  
  
    PQ
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Requirement
  
  
    Scientific
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
  
  
    Software Development
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    Specification
    specification
  
  
    Spreadsheets
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    System Configuration
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    UV
  
  
    Validation
    validation
  
  
    Wise
  


