
                                         Rhonda S. Skiles
                                       3775 W 25th Street Apt. K208
                                           Greeley, CO 80634
                                              970-213-7498
                                        coharleyaddict@gmail.com



Objective

Self-motivated individual with a proven track record of managing people and developing strong
customer relations.

Qualifications

        Strong written and verbal communication skills
        Excellent customer service skills
        Use and knowledge of personal computer and Office 7 software
        Strong organizational skills

     Comfortable working in a lead role or as part of a team

     Adapt easily to new and changing circumstances and situations.


Work History

2010-2011, Office Manager/ HR Manager Green Line Equipment, Inc.
Coordinate all daily office operations for busy Ag Implement dealer. Responsibilities including Accounts
Receivable, Accounts Payable, Payroll, balance daily cash and make deposits as needed. Maintain all new
employee paperwork for eight individual locations, act as administer for companywide health and dental
benefits. Provide mediation and act as liaison between employees and company leaders, coordinate team
building activities, design and implement employee forms and policies. Provide excellent customer service
in person as well as through email and phone conversations. Knowledge and use of JD Equip Business
System.

2002-2010, Office Manager Legacy Financial Group
Assist in coordination of all areas of office work, including scheduling of appointments, client
correspondence both written and verbal, maintaining client files according to NASD/SIPC regulations,
facilitate client service work, and office upkeep and presentation.
2005-2010, Seasonal Sales Staff John Deere Mall Store
Assist in store set up and merchandising of holiday John Deere Mall Store and Husker Harvest Days
tent for Green Line Equipment.
Assist customers with merchandise questions, selections and sales.
Assist in tear down and inventory of remaining merchandise at seasons end.



1992-2002, Management/Human Resources B&amp;R Stores Inc./Super Saver
During my ten years with B&amp;R Stores I was challenged with several different positions and job duties.

1999-2002, Human Resources Manager Super Saver, Grand Island

1997-1998, Human Resources Manager Russ's Market, Lincoln
Interview and perform reference checks for all applicants.
Complete paperwork and general training for all new hires.
Keep employee evaluations and safety training up to date.
Provide mediation for all employee or management disagreements.
Maintain accurate documentation of all employee files.
Maintain all Safety training and information for associates.
Investigate and maintain all paperwork for Work Comp and/or customer incidents.

1998-1999, Assistant Store Director Russ's Market, Lincoln
Oversee ordering and merchandising of all perishable and non-perishable departments.
Complete interviews and reference checks for all new applicants, as well as provide all new
employee training and paperwork.
Maintain Profit and Loss Statement on a quarterly basis.
Provide excellent customer service
Oversee all general upkeep of store facilities.
Actively involved in loss prevention strategies.

1995-1997, Assistant Deli Manager Russ's Market, Lincoln
Oversee all food service operations including ordering, food preparation and presentation, new
associate training, controlling shrink, and customer service.

1992-1995, Meat Dept. Associate Super Saver, Lincoln
Wrap fresh meat for retail counter, ensure accurate pricing, assist with date rotation and provide
customer service.
Education

2004 New York Life Sales Training Omaha, NE
Continuing education of sales materials

2002 Dearborn College of Insurance Omaha, NE
Nebraska Health, Life and Annuity License #AG293613 (no longer active)

2002 Dearborn College of Insurance Self Study
Securities License series 6 and 63 (no longer active)

1991 Lexington Senior High School Lexington, NE
General



  
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    Accounts
Receivable
  
  
    balance
  
  
    benefits
  
  
    client
  
  
    excellent customer service
    customer service
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    email
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    team
building
  
  
    loss prevention
  
  
    Market
  
  
    mediation
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    office
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Profit and Loss
  
  
    retail
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    staff management
  
  
    supervisory
  
  
    tear
  
  
    phone
  
  
    employee training
  
  
    written
  


