
Cynthia G. Bell






949-892-0527	CynthiaGBell@yahoo.com	



SUMMARY
Risk Management Professional experienced in library maintenance, system review, research problem resolution, documentation, record keeping managing, assuring conformance, optimization, coordination, and applying automation. Well practiced at managing maintenance windows and adhering to timelines.

Logical, analytical and effective in problem solving. Quick to grasp concepts and eager to learn. Adept in the interpretation and implementation of instructions. Enjoy challenge, work well under pressure, and am prompt to respond with the appropriate action in emergencies. Adaptable, willing to experiment, responsible and dependable.

Well versed in directing concurrent activities of varying complexity; such as problem area analysis, appropriate preventative/corrective action, prioritization, escalation and interfacing with users of data processing. Able to identify, track and pursue problem trends to resolution. 

Extensive technical experience in Operations and Disaster Recovery/High Availability with a broad range of technologies for Mainframe and Open Systems Infrastructure. Ability to effectively and persuasively communicate with stakeholders at all levels.  Thrive upon creating order, creatively solving problems, and strategizing for the organization.  Proven track record of successful project planning, implementation and management for technology projects spanning multiple years and engaging cross-functional teams.  Outstanding written and oral communication, leadership skills, problem solving and negotiation. Hands on experience with electronic Shadowing, Mirroring, Remote Transaction Journaling, EMC SRDF replication or similar technology.   

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Management:					
Process Management/ITIL
Strategic Planning
Project Management
Team Building /Staff Management
Budget Creation and Management
Technology Assessment
Customer Service 
End-User Training

Technical Skills
IBM 2094 (CMOS technology utilizing Parallel Sysplex DB2 Data sharing) (with batch, real time, teleprocessing services, networking capabilities utilizing z/OS,  JES2, SMS, CICS, TSO, ISPF, SRDF Recovery, INFO/MGT, NETMAN, DOCUTEXT/JOBSCAN, APC DOC, CA-7, CA-7/RPT, CA-11, CA-UNICENTER, OPC/A, OPC/E, JOBTRAC, RMDS, DISPATCH, CA-VIEW, CA-DELIVER, DB2 and ORACLE Databases, CLIENT SERVER, ENDEVOR, LIBRARIAN, REMEDY and CHANGEMAN)  Skilled in the use of JCL, IBM system utilities, and job ABEND resolution. MS-PROJECT, MS-WORD, MS-EXCEL, MS-POWER POINT,  VISIO and SharePoint.

Professional Experience
1998 - 2009
Senior Production Support Analyst 
KAISER PERMANENTE

Responsible for continuous availability of all online &amp; batch programs, thru appropriate set-up of batch processing processes; application code deployment &amp; Sysout Archival management, along with the identification/recording/resolution of any problem associated with this activity. 
Supported activities using JCL, JOBTRAC (running &gt; 800,000 jobs a month in Production), TSO/ISPF, MVS/JES2 commands, CICS, DB2, CA-11, CA-DELIVER, CA-VIEW and REMEDY.
Interfaced with a multitude of clients, Applications and System technical support groups and vendors. 
Ensured timely problem restoration and quick solutions through prompt escalation of problems. 
Continuously worked with the clients and vendors to support client needs.
Maintained an awareness of constant changes occurring in the network, systems and application areas.
Translated business requirements into technical specifications for support groups to enhance existing diagnostic tools, or create new tools.
Developed and implemented solutions that would mitigate future occurrences of a problem. 
Skilled at identification, analysis and resolution of potential problems before they are visible to the client. 
Ensured proper setup, execution and completion of jobs, including trouble shooting and resolution of failures.
Assisted in the creation of production libraries and processes to support applications. 
Used production tools to trouble shoot and resolve client request/problems.
Assisted with initial problem identifications.
Used automated systems to record information and resolve problems.

EDUCATION                                                                 
Associate of Applied Business in Computer Programming
TRUMBULL BUSINESS COLLEGE, INC. 
Warren, OH 44484

Completed FEMA courses: IS-100.HC Introduction to the Incident Command System for Healthcare/Hospitals, IS-200.A ICS for Single Resources and Initial Action Incidents, IS-700.A NIMS An Introduction and IS-800.B National Response Framework, An Introduction.










Technical:
Operational Troubleshooting
Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity
High Availability
Infrastructure Mainframe
Infrastructure Open Systems (Wintel,Unix)
Hardware/Software Evaluation and Implementation
System Design, configuration and Implementation










  
    CA-11
  
  
    Change Management
  
  
    CICS
  
  
    CA
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
    disaster recovery
  
  
    DB2
  
  
    MVS
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    JCL
  
  
    JES2
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    Wintel
  
  
    network
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quick
  
  
    recording
  
  
    Sarbanes-Oxley
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    System Design
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    trouble shooting
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    TSO/ISPF
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    VIEW
  


