
Laura L. Brooks
180 Turn of River Road, #12D  *  Stamford, CT 06905  *  Phone: 312-646-8050  *  lbrooks1010@yahoo.com
Digital/Mobile/Marketing Director/Sr. Marketing Director
Digital Marketing communications professional with experience leading corporate marketing and internal communications for multimillion and multibillion-dollar companies across diverse industries, (including telecommunications, 16+years, and financial services). 
Respected leader of creative teams, product marketing, and business-to-business and business-to-consumer print and digital marketing departments. Conceptualize and orchestrate digital marketing campaigns that effectively reinforced and build brand images.
Expert in the technical, conceptual and content development of digital QR codes, (bar codes) and AR, (Augmented Reality), sales-driving collateral. Proven ability to drive record-high marketing campaign response-rates and execute successful product and services launches.
Skills
Digital Mobile QR Codes
Digital Marketing Strategies &amp; Campaigns
Packaging Graphics and Content
Creative Team Leadership
Product Positioning &amp; Branding
On-Line &amp; Print Content Development	Digital Mobile Augmented Reality, AR
Focus Group &amp; Market Research
Development of On-Line Training Materials 
On-Line Sales Collateral &amp; Support
Creative Vision &amp; Direction
New Product and Services Launch	

Education
M.B.A., Business Administration, Baylor University, Dallas, TX
B.A., Communications and English, University of New Hampshire, Durham, New Hampshire 	

Professional Experience

CONNOLLY, INC. - Wilton, CT - 2010-2011
Privately-held Recovery Auditing Company, selling professional business-to-business services
Commercial Line of Business Marketing Manager
Managed business-to-business corporate marketing and communications functions.  
Responsible for website content and email promotions that generated numerous leads and led to closing multi-billion dollar contracts.  
Directed brand management, corporate positioning, professional services launches, advertising, sales collateral and tradeshow marketing. 
NOKIA, INC. - Florida, Texas, New York, Finland, United Kingdom, Denmark - 1992-2009 (16+ years)
Multibillion-dollar Telecommunications Company, selling mobile phones, accessories, services and applications
Marketing Director - (*Youngest person to get promoted to Director-level in the Americas in 1997)
Developed and launched both on-line and traditional integrated, multi-channel print, catalog, and direct marketing campaigns that propelled sales from a double digit to a triple digit multi-million dollar business in one year.

Marketing Director - continued:

Managed a marketing/product marketing team that contributed to a 400% growth in accessory sales over the previous year.
Led market launch of 50+ new mobile products. Identified opportunities, researched new mobile product possibilities, collaborated with engineering teams and created both on-line and traditional campaigns generating millions of dollars in annual sales.
Managed and wrote on-line copy for catalogs, course guides and training brochures that enhanced the sales representatives' understanding of complex product features and helped them sell more effectively. 
Performed ongoing customer/market research and demographic profiling to identify and capitalize on unmet market needs ahead of the curve.
Produced marketing materials that demonstrated key marketing analytics and demographics for use in sales presentations. Efforts were credited as instrumental in closing numerous high-level deals.
Leveraged strengths in cost-effective marketing management and vendor negotiations to end each year an average of 5% under-budget (without compromising business growth goals).
Served as primary copywriter for both on-line and traditional advertising campaigns for multimillion-dollar accounts and successful product launches.
Created and oversaw development of point of sales materials.
Worked extensively in a global, multi-cultural business environment.  (Million-miler on AA.)
Sold creative branding concepts and implemented projects based on those concepts globally.
Managed multimillion-dollar budgets.
Managed 10+ creative and technical marketing personnel in addition to several contractors.
Managed and worked with numerous creative agencies and vendors.
Earned commendations from client executives for communication deliverables that targeted desired audiences and articulated the value of products, services, and applications.

Technology
Software:	MS Project, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Apple iWork '08 (Pages, Numbers, Keynote)		
















Laura L. Brooks Resume		Page 2






  
    advertising
  
  
    Apple
  
  
    AR
  
  
    Auditing
  
  
    brand management
    branding
  
  
    brochures
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    catalogs
    catalog
  
  
    closing
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    copywriter
  
  
    client
  
  
    direct marketing
  
  
    email
  
  
    features
  
  
    Director
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
    product marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    marketing and communications
  
  
    marketing management
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Project
  
  
    Word
  
  
    negotiations
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    print media
  
  
    Reality
  
  
    selling
    sales
  
  
    Telecommunications
  
  
    phones
    phone
  
  
    website content
  


