
RESUME


Vishal M. Vishwakarma					Contact: 08080395431


Career Objective :	


To excel in the field of Information Technology with constant up gradation of Technical and Professional skills. To work in a challenging environment where I can contribute, learn and grow significantly. As a team member and individual, leverage on the core competencies of self and the organization for healthier profitability and growth.



Profile :	

Desktop and Local Area Network Engineer in Bank of America.
Resolving Desktop Computer and Local Area Network issues.
Troubleshooting and Installing Applications, Windows OS and Local Network Support.



Working Experience:	


EXPERIENCE: 8 months in Microland  (




Technical Skills :	

            	
Protocol :         RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF.
Switching :       VLAN, STP, HSRP , VRRP


Tool Used  :  Magnify and Maximo (Ticket management) , Microsoft Office Tools

Professional Training and Certification :   
A+ and N+ certification from Karox (Ghatkopar)
CCNA  RST forum  (Matunga)


	
Relevent Skills.	

		    
Fast learning ability, Co-operative, Responsible and can work efficiently in Team.
Can perform under pressure.
Strong analytical skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skill.
Can perform a given work with Efficiency &amp; Accuracy.


	 
Educational Qualification :	

Year	Board / University	Year Of Passing 	Percentage	

B.E  (EXTC)	Mumbai University	May-2011	58.76%	

Diploma	Mumbai University	June-2005	60.61%	

H.S.C	Mumbai University	Feb - 2002	50 % 	

S.S.C	Maharashtra State Board	Mar - 2000	54.66%	





PROJECT :  AUTOMATED WHEELCHAIR FOR HANDICAPPED

Details - The aim of this project is to design the wheelchair that will be more comfortable and easy to use for all kind of handicap people. We made use of acceleration sensor and infrared sensors for the movement of wheelchair, so as to make the user self dependent and also reduce the manpower involved in driving the wheelchair. 





Personal Details :	


Date of Birth 		: 28th April 1985
Gender 		: Male
Maritial Status		: Single
Language Known	: Hindi , English , Marathi

Address: 		  303\Ragendra  CHS,
			  'B' Wing, Behind Plot No. 57
			  Tarun Bharat,  Chakala,
		  Andheri  (EAST)
			  Pin: 400099


Mobile			:  08080395431
E-mail			:  zoom2vishal@gmail.com


/*   I hereby declare the above information is true to the belief.  */



Place:  Mumbai
Date:                  						           (Vishal M Vishwakarma)











  
    C
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    Hardware
  
  
    Client
    client
  
  
    EIGRP
  
  
    English
  
  
    Hindi
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Microsoft Outlook
  
  
    Windows applications
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    Network
  
  
    OS
  
  
    OSPF
  
  
    RIP
  
  
    SLA
  
  
    Technical Support
  
  
    Troubleshooting
  
  
    VPN
  


