
Renee Kuruc
1348 Windgate Court
Bartlett, Il 60103
630.202.0892
reneekuruc@yahoo.com
Summary
*	6 years of experience in governmental compliance and regulation, awarded 2 bronze
medals for merit
*	6 years of insurance sales experience
*	3 years of training and education experience
*	Speakers Bureau member, presented nearly seventy lectures on environmental issues.
Experience
United States Federal Transit Administration	April - December 2011
*	Reviewed Environmental Impact Statements, Environmental Assessments and Categorical
Exclusions for transit projects in the Midwest for compliance with the National
Environmental Protection Act (NEPA) 
*	Provided guidance on changing NEPA regulations to Council on Environmental Quality
(CEQ)
*	Experience with METRA, CTA, Chicago Department of Transportation, CREATE, Michigan
Department of Transportation, Blue Water Area Transportation Commission, and Metropolitan
Council, Minneapolis Minnesota.
*	Guided grant applicants and their consultants in meeting the requirements of NEPA and
other environmental laws, regulations and executive orders for proposed transit projects
and transportation plans.
*	Represented FTA in interagency environmental activities and consultants with other DOT
Administrations and with other Federal, State and local agencies for the primary purpose
of developing improved interagency relationships, improved environmental review and
analysis methods.  
*	Knowledge of Federal statues, rules regulations and guidelines relating to NEPA and
other environmental requirements, of analysis of environmental pacts, of principles of
environmental protection, and of preparation of environmental documents.
*	Followed guidelines of NEPA, Clean Air Act, Clean Water Act, Resource Conservation and
Reclamation Act (RCRA), National Preservation Historic Act, Endangered Species Act,
Environmental Justice, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, Section 4(f) of DOT, CEQ
regulations, FTA environmental laws, Executive Orders.
Insurance Industry	June 2005 - November 2008
*	Formed and managed a small business selling auto, home and life insurance products.
Client base was generated through cold calling and referrals.  Created a family atmosphere
where the client was the base of my agency and customer service was the key component. 
*	Closed 80% appointments in achieving life insurance production goals consistently.
*	Owned and operated small business as sole proprietor.  Responsible for all office
equipment, mail, incoming phone calls and budgets.
United States Environmental Protection Agency		November 1991 - March 1996
*	Participated in tribal workgroups using NEPA, Section 404 Clean Water Act, Wetlands,
Endangered Species Act, Solid Waste, and section 106 of the National Historic Preservation
Act.
*	Created and monitored tribal air work plans by reviewing tribal source emission
reports, Environmental Impact Statements, and Environmental Assessments. Guided tribal
personnel to the best actions for their 7th generation.
*	Briefed senior staff and drafted Congressional correspondence on Tribal Environmental
Needs and Achievements.
*	Awarded, scored and managed environmental education grants
Education
Illinois Institute of Technology
*	M.S. Environmental Management and Sustainability, specializing in energy,
sustainability and risk assessment.
*	Anticipated Graduation Date 	August 2012
Northeastern Illinois University
*	Bachelor of Science in Biology 	May1990
Certifications
*	Certification in Project Management			December 2009
*	Certification in Microsoft Access, PowerPoint, Excel, Word			December 2009
*	Certification in Transit Academy			May 2011
*	Certification in Noise and Vibration 			September 2011



  
    AOL
  
  
    agency
  
  
    budgets
  
  
    cold calling
  
  
    conferences
  
  
    Council
  
  
    Client
    client
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    grants
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Access
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    mail
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Microsoft
Project
  
  
    Word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    office
equipment
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    selling
  
  
    phone
  
  
    Time Management
  
  
    Transportation
    transportation
  
  
    VI
  


