
Alejandro J. Garibay
6708 John Dr.Richland Hills	
Tx.76118
anavipsalm145@aol.com
832-290-0806

Career Objectives
 finding a Job that makes me feel good ,that I am working with an awesome
team, that is working for the same goal of making a company, better than
it was before.



SUMMARY:
Sheet metal worker, measuring fabrication and installation of architectural metal parts.
Fabrication and installation of cosmetic trim metal aluminum, stainless steel, all types of sheet metal.  Welding, painting, polishing, metal parts, equipment repair,  field repairs.   Ten years working on all fazes of commercial refrigerator assembly and refrigeration assembly. Brazing, wiring and electrical testing, troubleshooting , refrigerant charging, blue print drawing, blue print changing, blue print developing, some R. and D., problem solving, production planning. Line training and supervising my department of 55 employees.
grocery store metal parts.

	



EXPERIENCE:  

Texas Metal Equipment Company	
6707 Mayard
Houston, TX.  77041
Stainless Steel Fabricators
7/98-2/00
Steve 

Fabrication of kitchen equipment welding, finishing, installation, wiring, welding, stainless steel at new installs.  Welding M.I.G., T.I.G., stainless steel.  electrical connections run conduit  and green field lines. Set up control boxes, hip pod  testing. Troubleshoot multiple electrical lines.
Wiring, assembling wire configurations, wire harnesses, and manufacturing harnesses. troubleshooting electrical components on installed units .


Traulsen  and Company
4401 Blue Mound Rd.
Fort Worth, Texas 760106
Mr. Jose Martinez (817)-625-9671
1986-1996

Wiring, assembling wire configurations, wire harnesses, and manufacturing harnesses. troubleshooting electrical components on installed units .
Stainless Steel and Aluminum Welder.  Trained new welders, was a line Forman, line supervisor and fabrication Production Coordinator.  Maintenance repair of pneumatic tools and all types of hydraulic tools.  Preventative maintenance of industrial machines.  Designed storage Racks.  Purchasing material for repair and fabrication, plus tools of all kinds.  Refrigeration assembly and testing.  Repaired brake downs, electrical malfunctions on units.  Shipping and receiving, fork lift driver ( all types).

Increase production in the Under-Counter Line, reducing six months of back log.

Trained new welders on T.I.G. welding and trained new employees on all phases of operation.

																												Occupational Experience
 	
First-Line Supervisors/Managers of Mechanics, Installers, and Repairers
(6 yrs   6 mos )
1. Assigns workers to perform activities, such as service appliances,
repair and maintain vehicles, and install machinery and equipment.	5 to
9 years
2. Completes and maintains reports, such as time and production
records, inventories, and test results.	5 to 9 years
3. Confers with personnel, such as management, engineering, quality
control, customers, and workers' representatives to coordinate work
activities and resolve problems.	10 to 14 years
4. Establishes or adjusts work methods and procedures to meet
production schedules, using knowledge of capacities of machines,
equipment, and personnel.	10 to 14 years
5. Examines object, system, or facilities, such as telephone,
air-conditioning, or industrial plant, and analyzes information, to
determine installation, service, or repair needed.	10 to 14 years
6. Interprets specifications, blueprints, and job orders, and
constructs templates and lays out reference points for workers.	3 to 4
years
7. Monitors operations, and inspects, tests, and measures completed
work, using devices, such as hand tools, gauges, and specifications to
verify conformance to standards.	Less than 1 year
8. Patrols work area and examines tools and equipment to detect unsafe
conditions or violations of safety rules.	5 to 9 years
9. Recommends measures, such as procedural changes, service manuals
revisions, and equipment purchases, to improve work performance and
minimize operating costs.	10 to 14 years
10. Recommends or initiates personnel actions, such as employment,
performance evaluations, promotions, transfers, discharges, and
disciplinary measures.	10 to 14 years
11. Requisitions materials and supplies, such as tools, equipment, and
replacement parts for work activities.	5 to 9 years
12. Trains workers in methods, procedures, and use of equipment and
work aids, such as blueprints, hand tools, and test equipment.	20 years
or more
Computer Skills
 	Typing Speed: 20  Words Per Minute

Data Entry Terminal (PDT, Mainframe Terminal, etc)
EMail Software (Outlook, Thunderbird, etc)
Graphics or Drawing Software (Photoshop, etc)
Internet Browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc)
Word Processing Software (Word, WordPerfect, etc)
Language Skills
 	English - Excellent ( Read Write Speak)
Spanish - Good ( Read Write Speak)
Driver's License
  	Class C - Standard Driver's Licens








  
    Photoshop
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    C
  
  
    CNC
  
  
    Data Entry
  
  
    EMail
  
  
    English
  
  
    fork lift
  
  
    Drawing
  
  
    Graphics
  
  
    hand tools
  
  
    Internet Explorer
  
  
    layout
  
  
    machinery
  
  
    Mainframe
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mos
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    window
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Monitors
  
  
    paint
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    polish
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    quality
control
  
  
    Read
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    safety
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Shipping
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    telephone
  
  
    test equipment
  
  
    tig
  
  
    Troubleshoot
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Typing Speed
  
  
    Welder
    Welding
    welding
  
  
    Wiring
    wiring
  
  
    Word Processing
  
  
    WordPerfect
  


