
JP Fredericks
203-20 42nd Avenue * Bayside, New York 11361 * (917) 842-3444 * jp09@usa.net

***

Summary of Qualifications:  Highly organized, detailed and articulate professional with a proven track record of providing strong support, streamlining procedures and increasing efficiency and productivity. Strong team player who communicates well with people from diverse backgrounds.

Professional Experience:  

Steve Goodman, EA, Great Neck, NY (Temporary)		4/2010 to 9/2011

Consultant

General accounting analysis and support (bank reconciliations, account analysis and journey entries) for multiple clients. 

Millennium Partners Sports Club Mgmt, LLC, NY, NY  		6/2002 to 4/2009

Regional Assistant Controller (1/2006 to 4/2009)
Assistant Controller (6/2002 to 12/2005)

Promoted to Regional Assistant Controller.  Performed balance sheet analysis and adjusting entries. Periodic month end close and adjusting entries. P&amp;L review and comments. Accounts payable review and coding.  Payroll analysis and review.  Managed billing and invoicing for two large hotel accounts. Completed and balanced multiple bank accounts daily. Assisted in annual budget and quarterly forecasting.  Assisted in annual audit providing back up support.  Trained managers and assistants during company merger and acquisition regarding new financial software (e.g. biometric payroll, custom designed billing and A/R, FRx and Great Plains).  Conducted periodic internal payroll audits.  Supervised bank auditor and staff accountant. Managed daily cash receipts, returns, charge backs and miscellaneous treasury functions (bank wires, bank and merchant a/c setups and closures) for 6 large clubs. Key results: 

Uncovered and saved $27,000 in overpayments during the implementation of a new internet based payroll system.
Created and implemented an efficient daily cash monitoring system that significantly improved cash flow, reduced charge backs by 48% and reduced bank rec completion time by 75%. 
Restructured and organized 55 merchant accounts (V/MC, AMEX and Discover) which improved efficiency, improved cash flow and reduced billing errors by 21%.
Developed and implemented a standardized daily deposit log that improved timeliness of cash deposits and reduced write offs by 34%.
Reduced bad debt write offs of two large hotel accounts by implementing an efficient daily reporting system.
Completed on a monthly basis an in-depth review of payroll cost with managers and assistants of 8 departments reducing payroll errors.

Liminal Resource Management, NY, NY	1/1996 to 1/2002	

Accounting Manager

Managed all accounting functions for small private trust including GL analysis, month and year end close, adjusting journal entries, P&amp;L review, AP, AR, payroll and cash management. Reconciled in a timely fashion domestic and international bank accounts.   Key results: 

Updated and improved computer accounting system.
Successfully reconciled and brought current 4 bank accounts(2 domestic and 2 int'l accounts)
Introduced effective cost reduction strategies (i.e. renegotiated vender terms, outsourcing) reducing cost by 25%.
  
Skills:
Excel, Word, Outlook, Great Plains ver 10, FRx, Kronos WFC, CSI, Windows 7 and Vista, QuickBooks 2009

Education:
Accounting certificate, 	CETA, Columbus, Ohio 							   Management Training, MP Sports Club Management, LLC, NY, NY
















2




  
    Accounting
    accounting
  
  
    General accounting
    accountant
  
  
    Accounts payable
    accounts payable
  
  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    ad
  
  
    AP
  
  
    AR
  
  
    balance sheet
  
  
    bank reconciliations
  
  
    billing
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    c
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    cash management
  
  
    closing
  
  
    cost reduction
  
  
    clients
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    general ledger
  
  
    GL
  
  
    Great Plains
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Kronos
  
  
    Management Training
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Windows 7
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Payroll
    payroll
  
  
    profit
  
  
    coding
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    treasury
  
  
    Vista
  


