
	RESUME OF DELORES SNYDER-WALLACE


CAREER	To secure a position with challenge, responsibility and opportunity for growth
OBJECTIVE:	where my experience, judgment and training can be fully utilized for future development and company expansion.

EXPERIENCE:

 Delores Snyder-Wallace
Page 2



specializes in the treatment and disposal of industrial waste, analytical services,
consulting/engineering services, product recovery/recycling services, remediation services, assistance with environmental compliance and regulatory needs.  

Responsibilities included total involvement with company and inter-company action, front desk operations, running the office on a smooth basis, typing Missouri and Indiana manifests with Land Disposal Restriction Notes, interaction between clients and other Heritage offices, and various routine office duties.   Also was responsible for large amounts of cash for travel advances and a check signer at the Tulsa site.  I have also participated in several HHWs (Household Hazardous Waste) disposal jobs around the country that Heritage was awarded including several in Texas, Oklahoma and Missouri.


August 1995 -		Transition period to relocate from Greenville, South Carolina to Tulsa, Oklahoma December 1995		and to seek employment.


August 1990 -	Various Employment Agencies on short-term, temporary assignments
April 1991,		Greenville, South Carolina
May 1992 -
September 1993,	Positions varied from receptionist to secretary, word processing to helping with
June 1994 -		manual accounting/inventory in a textile warehouse with dispatching trucks for
August 1994		pickup and delivery of cloth bolts



Resume of Delores Snyder-Wallace
Page 3



June 1991 -		RTP Environmental Associates, Inc.
May 1992	Greer, South Carolina

Secretary/Administrative Assistant to an environmental consulting firm specializing in air, water and solid and hazardous waste management.  

Responsibilities included front desk operations, filing, typing/word processing of general correspondence, reports and report production and keeping the library updated on periodicals.  Also assisting clients/visitors as necessary.


April 1991 -	Black Electrical Supply Company
May 1991	General Office, Greenville, South Carolina

To fill in temporarily for someone on leave of absence.  Responsibilities included answering the telephones of approximately 10 to 12 incoming lines, filing and handling of daily invoices and monthly statements and managing the front desk in the general office area.


January 1990 	Black Electrical Supply Company
August 1990	Accounting Department, Greenville, South Carolina

Temporarily employed using Basic IV FACTS data entry software to transfer warehouse items, invoicing daily, running reports and registers to correspond with adjustment and back orders for purchasing departments.  To receive, label, batch and key in accounts payable for payment.



Resume of Delores Snyder-Wallace
Page 4



January 1989 -		Took a year off after both oldest son and sister's deaths, not simultaneously.
January 1990


May 1978 -	EDI, Inc./RMT, Inc.
January 1989	Greenville, South Carolina

RMT, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Wisconsin Power and Light.  RMT and EDI merged in June, 1984.  EDI was a small Greenville-based engineering firm established in 1974.  Responsibilities included Bookkeeper/Secretary/ Receptionist/Project Management Secretary/Environmental Services Group Secretary. 1978 - 1982: responsibilities involved manning the front desk, answering telephones with approximately 10-12 incoming lines, invoicing, accounts payable/receivable, payroll and taxes, disbursements and general ledger, typing correspondence, reports and report production, proposals and specifications.  Made all travel arrangements, domestic and international, for the company.  1982 - 1985: EDI acquired a small wastewater software subsidiary, DataStream, which included all aspects of this new company as well as EDI.  Also to start implementation on the corporate design management filing 
system which was eventually incorporated into the Greenville filing system.  1985: (approx. six months) was secretary to the Manager of Design, Environmental Management and Project Management.  1985 - 1989: Environmental Group Secretary and responsible for approximately 50+ Environmental Engineers.  Responsible for typing correspondence, reports and proposals; filing for the environmental group; helped implement a communication compliance and contamination solutions seminars and presentation of national papers in Greenville and Atlanta.  Coordinating the 
organization of the 40-hour Health and Safety Training Program for the environmental group and other applicable employees in Greenville.  All travel arrangements, advances and rentals involved in extensive travel.  The Environmental Services Group consisted of Environmental Services, Laboratory Services, Wastewater, Air Pollution, Asbestos Abatement, Hydrogeology, Industrial Hygiene and various Project Engineers, field and lab technicians and also included the Corporate Manager of Hydrogeology and one of the Vice President of RMT/Manager of the Environmental Services Group.  Performing various clerical and other support duties which involved some assignments of difficulty and complexity, organizational tasks which assisted in the flow of production work and made functional areas operate smoothly.  Recommended and helped implement certain actions into administrative support/word processing pool for smooth flow of critical work areas on production of extensive reports due to clients and/or regulatory agencies.  Required the ability to act 

Resume of Delores Snyder-Wallace
Page 5



independently with a certain level of knowledge of equipment and a broad knowledge of the companies' organizational operation and business.  Operated all office and blueprinting equipment.  Also involved in most employee activities including a company softball league, picnics, Christmas parties and various other company and employee social activities.  Approximately a 10-man firm in 1978 to a 150-man firm in 1989.


March 1976 -	Advertising, Inc./Graphics Plus, Inc.
May 1978	Greenville, South Carolina

Advertising, Inc. and Graphics Plus, Inc. split in September 1977.  Responsibilities in 1976 to 1977 was assistant bookkeeper for a full service advertising agency, assisting the President when required.  Responsibilities in 1977 to 1978 was front desk operations, assistant to the President, assisting clients during his absence, filing, ordering supplies and general office duties plus assisting the bookkeeper and general assistance for clients and art directors.


PERSONAL
INFORMATION:	Telephone numbers:		864-263-7027 - Home
							864-908-6687 - Cell

			E-mail address:		desnyder.wallace@yahoo.com

			Home Address:		147 Ola Drive
						Easley, South Carolina  29642



BACKGROUND	Born Fort Hood, Texas.  Early Japan, Germany and various stations with
&amp; INTERESTS:	 parents and then traveled extensively with former husband in U.S. Army.  Interests include extensive reading, some sports, good music, sailing, volunteer work, people and my family.



REFERENCES:	Mr. George W. Fletcher
Executive Director of the Council on Competitiveness
State of South Carolina 
Former Principal/Owner - The Fletcher Group, Inc.
Former Principal EDI/RMT, Inc.


Resume of Delores Snyder-Wallace
Page 6




Dr. Larry G. Blackwell
Retired
Former Owner &amp; CEO DataStream Systems (retired), Greenville, South Carolina
Former Principal EDI/RMT, Inc.


Mrs. Becki L. Sanders
Co-Owner
Tri-County Rental, Easley, South Carolina
Former co-worker at RMT, Inc.


Mrs. Pam Turner Fielder
Associate Realtor
Coldwell Banker (Caine), Greenville, South Carolina
Former co-worker at RMT, Inc.


Dr. Steve W. Webb
Senior Client Executive
RMT, Inc., Grenville, South Carolina
Former co-worker at RMT, Inc.


Mr. William A Boone
Principal and CEO
Spectrum Engineering, Greenville, South Carolina
Former co-worker at RMT, Inc.




  
    accounting
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    art
  
  
    agency
  
  
    Basic IV
  
  
    bookkeeping
  
  
    cashier
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    Council
  
  
    credit
  
  
    clientele
    clients
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    debit
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    dictation
  
  
    dispatching
  
  
    EDI
  
  
    filing
    filling
  
  
    functional
  
  
    general ledger
  
  
    general office duties
    general office
  
  
    Graphics
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    legal
  
  
    letters
  
  
    litigation
  
  
    Notes
  
  
    managing
  
  
    mechanical
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    mail
  
  
    office
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    Page 6
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    Receptionist
    receptionist
    reception
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    sales
  
  
    secretarial
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    taxes
  
  
    telephones
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    typing
  
  
    word processing
  


