
Jason P. McAuliffe
2230 E. Ball Road.  #212 * Anaheim, CA  92806
(714) 336-0319 * leibacher@roadrunner.com 


EDUCATION

B.A. Communications
California State University, Fullerton

SKILLS &amp; EXPERIENCE

Thirteen years of parking management experience in a unionized/non-unionized environment including eleven years in one of the largest parking lots on the West Coast.
Sixteen years of management experience in the Resort, Facility and Retail industries.
Twenty years of Customer Service experience.
Operations Management experience with oversight of Cash Handling, Loss Prevention, Safety, and Human Resources.

CAREER EXPERIENCE

Standard Parking, Los Angeles, California
Senior Facility Manager, Parking Operations, Dodger Stadium	April 2010 - November 2011

Gave direction to parking staff via the Traffic Command Center at Dodger Stadium.
Planned parking for special non-game events (e.g. LA Marathon, Monster Jam, Supercross).
Worked in a fast-paced environment managing 3,000 cars/hour in an event setting.
Processed accounts payable and accounts receivable on a regular basis.
Oversaw a staff of up to 160, which included 22 supervisors, 28 cashiers, one facility manager and one assistant facility manager.
Processed payroll on a by-weekly basis for up to 160 employees; monitored CA-MBP, overtime, missed punches.
Target Stores Corporation, Orange County, California
Senior Executive Team Leader, Hardlines				November 2006 to April 2010
Oversaw Hardlines and consumables operations ($30 million/year) for a $39 million/year store.
Managed guest services and merchandising of 9 departments with sales ranging from $2 to $9 million per year.
Led all staffing processes; proactively planned for hiring needs to ensure the store was staffed in all work centers.
Acted as leader-on-duty on a rotating basis, by responding to guest and team member concerns, opening and closing the store, and ensuring all Target property and personnel were secure.
Cognizant of turnover and able to assemble effective action plans to address.
Adhered to legal standards in the areas of compliance and training.
Ensured recognition of great performance was consistently supported and given to all team members.
Mervyn's, Orange County District (owned by Target Corp.)
Assistant Store Manager, Operations/HR				May 2003 to November 2006

Responsible for maintaining operational controls for $13.3 million store, including logistics, merchandising, merchandise moves, plan-o-grams, freight flow, stock rooms, and back stocking processes. Oversaw Loss Prevention team and controls.
Strengthened efficiencies for truck unload process.
Oversaw Human Resources for scheduling, forecasting, hiring, training and staffing; HR duties also included LOAs, review process, I-9 compliance, corrective actions, retention and record keeping.
District resource for new software and remodeled stores.
Performed opening and closing responsibilities, and served as a floor leader on a regular basis.
Walt Disney Company, Disneyland, Anaheim, California
Assistant Manager, Parking Lot/Guest Services		     	        April 1992 to May 2003

Determined amount of labor used in Resort Transportation and Parking operations on a weekly basis with a workforce of 400+ in a unionized environment during transition to Parking Structure.
Drafted operational guidelines for Downtown Disney Parking operations and helped develop traffic signing and pattern package.
Worked with the City of Anaheim to plan and manage traffic strategies on the street during special events.
Drafted operational guidelines for Valet Operations for Downtown Disney and Pay-on-Exit Tolls.
Saved $800,000 in labor cuts in first year in Downtown Disney.
Monitored and played active role in human resources issues including attendance, terminations, probations and investigations.
Managed complaints and compliments for the area, and opened and closed operations on a regular basis.

















  
    accounts payable
  
  
    accounts receivable
  
  
    bi
  
  
    closing
  
  
    CA
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    direction
  
  
    special events
  
  
    fast
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Human Resources
    human resources
    HR
  
  
    legal
  
  
    logistics
  
  
    Loss Prevention
  
  
    managing 3
  
  
    merchandising
  
  
    painting
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality
  
  
    record keeping
  
  
    sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Transportation
  


