
AMIT MEGHANI				          550 Battery Street, Apt# 1710, San Francisco, CA- 94111
                                                                                                          Phone: (773)-259-5129   Email:  amitmeghani29@gmail.com

Summary
Results driven Quality Assurance professional with 4 years experience in the GMP regulated medical device industry.
Professionally Certified in Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs.
Exhibiting a broad range of skills and experience with validation of processes, equipment, data systems, and process plus extensive experience managing personnel and projects, quality systems, change controls, deviations, investigations, and calibrations.
Extensive knowledge of auditing and compliance to FDA CFRs, GAMP,  cGMP, ISO 13485, Six Sigma requirements for medical device industry.
Possess excellent communication and organization skills with the ability to adapt to a new environment.
Able to effectively utilize strategic goals and tactical methods to satisfy project objectives, budget limitations, and aggressive timelines.
Possesses a well developed ability to establish interdepartmental and cross-functional partnerships. Recognized for excellence in mediating between Engineering, Manufacturing, Regulatory, and Quality.

Professional Experience
Quality Assurance Associate				               (September 2007-September 2009)
       University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), Chicago, Illinois   
Calibrated Laboratory equipments to conduct experiments
Performed IQ and OQ of instruments. Maintained qualification documentation.
Employed Statistical Analysis to interpret the data collected
Collected, analyzed and interpreted statistical data. 
Documentation- Revision of existing SOP's and generation of new. 

Quality Assurance Engineer (Biomedical Department)			     (June 2006- December 2006) 
       Asian Heart Institute 
Responsible for implementing and updating quality procedures. 
Assisted in Project planning for quality issues, Software Validation, Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Fault Tree Analysis (FTA), Hazard Analysis 
Ensured regulatory compliance to ISO 9001, IS0 13485 and JCAHO. 
Assisted in vendor control, incoming inspection and testing. 
Planned and conducted scheduled audits of suppliers to assess compliance of Class I and II devices. 
Maintained Inventory Control and Certification of new suppliers/vendors. 
Assisted in performing IQ, OQ and PQ of equipments, facilities and utility systems; Clean-In-Place, Sterility Assurance, Aseptic Processing and process validations.
Presenting suggestions for product improvement and trend analysis 
Assisted in implementation of Statistical Process Capability (SPC) charting and Statistical Quality Control (SQC)

Educational Background:
Masters of Science (M.S.) in Bioengineering                                                      (August 2007- August 2009)
       University of Illinois    
Certificate in Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs in Pharmaceutical Industry       (August 2009- October 2009)
       Kriger Research Center Inc. (International Biopharmaceutical Association Approved Training Provider)
Bachelors of Engineering (B.E.) in Biomedical Engineering                              (September 2003- June 2007)
       University of Mumbai, Mumbai India	


Additional Skills: 
Computer Applications: MS Access, Windows XP/Vista/7, Excel, Word, Power Point, Project, Visio, Q-Pulse, CorelDraw, MATLAB, C++, Program C, ADINA (Automatic Dynamic Incremental Non Linear Analysis), Assembly Level Programming of 8051 and Microprocessors, SAS, SPSS, NEX (NeuroExplorer). 
Proficient in just about any computer program available and pick up programs very quickly



  
    21CFR Part 11
  
  
    Assembly
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Computer Applications
  
  
    CorelDraw
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Inventory Control
  
  
    IQ
  
  
    ISO 9001
  
  
    MATLAB
  
  
    Microprocessors
  
  
    MS Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Word
  
  
    OQ
  
  
    pick
  
  
    PQ
  
  
    Presenting
  
  
    process improvement
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    Project planning
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Management
    Quality Control
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    SOP
  
  
    SPC
  
  
    SPSS
  
  
    Statistical Analysis
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    trend
  
  
    Validation
    validation
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    composition
  


