
ROBERT D. CONSOLAZIO
704 Longwood Drive Atlanta, Georgia 30305
                                                      404.408.4866   rconsolazio@yahoo.com 

Proven Technology Executive: Sales, Marketing, New Product Development
Create New Markets     Develop Talent    Drive Change   Build Teams that Execute

Accomplished marketing, product management, sales and business development executive with a proven track record leading start-up and high-growth companies by building significant market share, launching innovative products &amp; new channels, and delivering superior financial results.  Repeatedly attracted top talent and built high performing teams at small, medium, and Fortune 500 global firms. 

Professional Experience

ANTENNA SOFTWARE - Jersey City, NJ	 2009 to 2010
Vice President - Sales, Marketing &amp; Channel Development
Led the marketing and business development activities at this rapidly growing mobile software firm.  
Built strategic partnerships with Verizon Wireless, Verizon Business, AT&amp;T, and RIM.  Established a nationwide VAR distribution network in support of new product launches.

CBEYOND, INC. - Atlanta, Georgia	2007 to 2008
Vice President &amp; General Manager - Marketing &amp; Business Development
Directed the marketing &amp; business development team at this rapidly growing IP managed services
provider delivering integrated voice, broadband, wireless and SaaS solutions to over 40,000 businesses. 
Implemented a first of its kind three-way national distribution agreement with the nation's largest technology distributor and a Fortune 500 global manufacturer of IP communications equipment.
Negotiated strategic partnership agreements with Microsoft and Cisco to launch a turnkey VoIP combined hardware and software solution to tens of thousands of small to medium businesses.

STRATOS GLOBAL - Bethesda, Maryland / The Hague, The Netherlands	2005 to 2007
Chief Marketing Officer 
Led all product and channel management, marketing, communications, investor relations and business development activities at this $550M global provider of advanced fixed and mobile satellite services.  Directed a global product marketing team based in the US, Canada, Europe and Asia delivering a broad portfolio of advanced services including broadband MPLS, streaming data, and VoIP satellite services
Directed the highly successful post-acquisition integration of the product portfolios, market strategies, brand elements and product development activities of Stratos and a major European competitor.
Reduced operating costs by 30% and enhanced revenue by 20% within six months post acquisition.
Brought to market the world's first portable satellite broadband service delivering two-way high speed IP data and voice service.  Stratos service was consistently #1 in sales in 178 distinct country markets.  

NEXTEL COMMUNICATIONS - Reston, Virginia	2001 to 2005
Senior Director - Product Management &amp; Marketing, Mobile Data Group
Led Nextel's award winning Business Solutions Group, the wireless industries leading mobile application product development, marketing, and distribution channel.  Directed all aspects of this business unit including pricing, strategic planning, product mix, competitive intelligence and contract negotiations.  Recruited and managed a high perfomance, cross functional team and a $5.6M marketing budget.
Doubled revenue to $70M despite the negative impact of several network performance issues. 
Launched the nation's first suite of Location Based Services leveraging GPS technology.  Built a customer base of over 350,000 enterprise and consumer users in less than two years.
Received Nextel's 2005 Executive Leadership Award in recognition of outstanding performance. 

                               ROB CONSOLAZIO   PAGE TWO    RCONSOLAZIO@YAHOO.COM


SCIENT - San Francisco, California	1999 to 2001
Director - Global Communications and Utilities Group
Directed diverse teams of business strategists, technologists, and web design professionals that built state-of-the-art digital businesses for Scient's Global 2000 client base.  Managed all aspects of these engagements including sales, financial performance, deliverable quality and executive relationships.  
Led the launch of a comprehensive new service line for Avaya, a Global 1000 Communications company addressing technology, manufacturing, distribution, organizational design, and branding. 
Developed a product strategy and go-to-market plan for AT&amp;T addressing an entirely new category of integrated voice and data access device and service for the home market. 
Developed one of the first comprehensive hosted Application Service Provider strategies for a Fortune 500 telecom firm designed to prevent commoditization of this firm's global IP backbone network.

VERIZON WIRELESS (formerly GTE Wireless) - Atlanta, Georgia	1998 to 1999
Wireless Data Product Marketing Manager - Strategic Marketing Group
Managed a portfolio of wireless data services targeted at both commercial and consumer markets. 
Introduced three new text messaging services designed to increase subscriber loyalty that boosted wireless data services revenues by 50% in 9 months. 
Managed the market trial of a highly successful integrated voice and email messaging system that increased regional call volume and revenues by over 40%.

GENERAL INSTRUMENT (now Motorola) - Atlanta, Georgia	1997 to 1998
Senior Product Marketing Manager - Satellite Data Networks Group 
Directed the global product launch of advanced satellite set top boxes for this $1.2 billion manufacturer.  
Managed three $5 million-plus international accounts and generated $2M in follow-on sales. 
Retained 100% of high value customers during a very challenging technology upgrade cycle. 
Built and managed new distribution channels in Europe, Asia, and South America.  

ERNST &amp; YOUNG MANAGEMENT CONSULTING, LLP - Atlanta, GA 	1995 to 1997
Senior Consultant -Telecommunications and Process Improvement Groups
Conducted strategic planning, project management, and financial analysis for leading communications firms.  
Reduced call center system implementation time by 35% for an $18 billion telecom firm.
Reduced operating costs by 25% at a cable, wireless, and Internet services carrier.  Sold a $2.5 million follow on systems integration project to senior management.   

UNITED STATES NAVY	1988 to 1993
Ordnance &amp; Communications Officer - Guided Missile Frigate USS ANTRIM 
Held a variety of leadership positions in a fast paced, high pressure operating environment. Supervised the professional development, training, and overall performance of 30+ weapons experts and technicians.
Managed $80 million worth of advanced telecommunications and weapons systems.
Exceeded rigorous performance objectives by 30% while undermanned by 40%.
Back-to-back winner of the prestigious Battle Excellence Award.  


EDUCATION 
UNIVERSITY of GEORGIA, Terry School of Business - MBA	1995
Finance &amp; Operations Management - Awarded full Terry academic scholarship
UNIVERSITY of VIRGINIA	1988
Physics - Awarded full four year Naval ROTC scholarship

PROFESSIONAL
Certified New Product Development Professional by the Product Development Management Association 
Strategic Marketing (Darden)    International Marketing (Wharton)   Business Strategy (MIT Sloan)










	



  
    academic
  
  
    art
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    branding
  
  
    broadband
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business development
  
  
    Business Solutions
  
  
    cable
  
  
    call center
  
  
    Cisco
  
  
    competitive intelligence
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contract negotiations
  
  
    client
  
  
    product development
  
  
    email
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    fast
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial analysis
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    Internet services
  
  
    investor relations
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Leadership
    leadership
  
  
    marketing
    market
    product marketing
    Product Management &amp; Marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    messaging services
  
  
    access
  
  
    2000
  
  
    weapons
  
  
    Naval
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    Operations Management
  
  
    organizational design
  
  
    Physics
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    project management
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategy
    strategic
  
  
    strategic planning
  
  
    systems integration
  
  
    telecommunications
    telecom
  
  
    upgrade
  
  
    voice and data
  
  
    VoIP
  
  
    web design
  


