
PRIYANKA GUPTA
            Apt 8, 2501 7th St E, Saskatoon, SK S7H1A4  #(306)-881-1322    # priyanka_ec@yahoo.com 
                                  
Objective 

To achieve excellence and work in a challenging position where my qualification, mobile &amp; network experience gained, management &amp; computer skills acquired can be best utilized.

Experience

Company
Position
Location
No. of years
Redi-Medic Industries
Software Developer -III
Saskatoon
8 month
Aricent Technologies
Senior Software Engineer
Delhi, India
11 months
SISO, Samsung
Lead Engineer
Bangalore, India
3 years
Broadcom Pvt Lmt
Internship
Bangalore, India
6months


Experience Summary
Strong background of C programming and Linux platform.
Experience in developing app for iOS, Blackberry and Android platform.
Experience of 4years in L2/L3 DataCom protocol design, development and testing.
Good communication skills, Team player, self motivated, good listener ,disciplined, organized and detail orientated

PROFESSINAL EXPERIENCE

Aricent Technologies Gurgaon, India July,2010  - May,2011
		Senior Software Engineer
Developed 1:1 bidirectional protection for MPLS-TP data plane. The Protection State Coordination module as per draft MPLS_TP protection has been designed and implemented on Aricent Stack to run on NSN OTN switch. I was involved in complete project cycle and guiding two software engineers in team.
Technical Environment -
C based coding, multi thread and message queue concept implementation on Linux OS and interface with Dune PetraB processor.


Samsung India Software Operation, Bangalore, India [July 2007 - June 2010
	Lead Engineer/Senior Software Engineer/Software Engineer
(1)  Development of IP Protocol based architecture framework for RNC. I have worked as Data    Plane engineer and debug tool developer of IP RNC Samsung product. 
Technical Environment -
C programming, Shared memory concept, Queues, hardware resource locking concepts, proficient in socket programming, Cavium processor 
Role and Responsibilities -
Individually worked on designing and implementation of debugging tool for IP-RNC product from scratch in C. 
Interacted with customers online and in HQ Korea, meeting their expectations with regard to accuracy in the functionalities and schedules in the project. Visited HQ Korea for all phase of testing.

       (2)  Signaling Protocol Programmer [Oct 2007 -Feb2009]

Analytic study of RSVP-TE and LDP RFCs.
While accepting the technical challenges worked on the complete project cycle (requirement, architecture, design, coding and testing) phases to incorporate the new features, traffic engineering and fast reroute of RSVP-TE(July 2008-Feb2009) and LDP graceful restart feature(Oct 2007 - June 2008) for Samsung routers on ZebOS IP stack.
I have an excellence in designing and network understanding which lead to the better design and code stability. 
Involved in SIT testing of modules. Prepared the reference test cases to cover the all corner cases in the RSVP-TE and LDP module for network scenarios. We had followed the 'V' and spiral software architecture development method for RSVP-TE and LSP respectively. 

Tools: Linux clear case, Clear quest, PREVENT static tool, BULLSEYE tool, Sprient smart bit, AX400 &amp; IXIA packet generators, IBM clear case for documentation structuring, GDB debugging tool,Clear Quest Logging system, Klocks Static tool, SVN, Bugzilla, MR Tool, Cross compiler GDB


Additional Responsibilities and skills 

Filled a patent on signaling protocol constrained based explicit route calculation. Patent filled In US. 
Multi-core network processor task group member and GWP task force member.
Strong qualities and skills in leadership, teamwork, analysis, negotiation and communication. The best graded Employee in the department.


International Exposure 

Country	: Suwon, South Korea
Purpose of visit	: - Porting Graceful-Restart feature of MPLS-LDP protocol on 
  Samsung routers. [June-July 2008]
  - NP debugger module development on IP-RNC. [Sept 2009- Nov 2009]

IT Skill Sets

Software	: Proficiency in C, Knowledge of Shell scripting, Objective-C, Java
Hardware	: Routers, OTN- Switches, IXIA, AX400 packet generator, Uboot
Platform 	: Linux operating system, Exposure to iOS , Blackberry and Android platform
Cross compiler: Octeon CN-58XX, Arm processor, PetraB forwarding processor, GCC



Qualification

Birla Institute of Technology and Sciences (BITS) Pilani			    Rajasthan, India
Master of Engineering in Communication					June, 2007
CGPA - 8.4/10

Government Engineering College Gandhinagar				        Gujarat, India
Bachelor of Engineering in "Electrical Engineering"				July, 2005
Distinction with Percentage - 76.78 


References

	Available Upon Request



























						END



  
    C
    C programming
  
  
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    concept
  
  
    debugging
  
  
    designing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    engineer
  
  
    fast
  
  
    features
  
  
    First Aid
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IP
  
  
    Java
  
  
    languages
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Linux
    Linux OS
  
  
    memory
  
  
    negotiation
  
  
    network
  
  
    OOP
  
  
    operating system
  
  
    developer
  
  
    coding
    programming
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    Quest
    quest
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Routers
    routers
  
  
    Shell scripting
  
  
    software architecture
  
  
    Switches
    switch
  
  
    teamwork
  


