
Kerry Hindle

Telephone 847-359-1842 &#183; Email kerry.hindle@att.net 

Professional Summary
Focused marketing professional and subject matter expert with extensive experience in technology and market data for securities trading.   Extensive experience in packaging, positioning, pricing and launching new products and services.  Accomplished at identifying issues, developing strategies, conduct analysis and designing technology, process and operations improvements to mitigate risk and enhance customer service and revenue generation.

LinkedIn Profile: Director Market Data Sales &amp; Marketing		Essex Radez LLC	(7/2006 - 12/2010)
Formulated pricing strategy; negotiated marketing alliances and client agreements for the market data unit of this Chicago broker-dealer.  Created content for, and managed, advertising, website content, and press relations.  Defined new product offerings, and developed marketing plans.  Sold market data and collocation services with a focus on mid-tier trading firms.
Accomplishments
Increased sales by 400% and number of clients by over 300% (excluding alliance sales).  Transformed market data unit from money-losing to profit center within one year.
Client retention rate exceeded 90%
Utilized client networking, telemarketing, direct mail, email, and social media to drive sales
Represented clients in product development through cross-functional teams
Managed marketing budget; had P&amp;L responsibility for market data unit
Tracked competitive offerings and recommended counter-measures
Expanded service offering to include complete historical as well as real-time data.
Created alliance sales program.  Negotiated and managed alliance agreements to provide real-time and historical data through third parties.
Negotiated agreement with a major provider to offer ticker-plant functionality to the mid-tier market in a cost affordable manner.
Initiated and managed relations with the press and key industry trade groups; produced press releases and contributed articles to trade press.  Developed marketing literature, promotional materials, white papers, etc. to support sales.  Responded to RFI/RFP requests in support of sales.  Managed trade show representation.
Vice President Marketing	InfoDyne Corporation (now owned by IBM)  (9/2002 - 7/2006)	
Developed strategic plans and competitive positioning; formulated pricing strategy; negotiated marketing alliances and key client agreements; managed multiple vendors.  Provided content for, and managed, advertising, press relations, and trade show representation for this vendor of trading technology.
Accomplishments
Transitioned firm from pure consulting to a product and services firm.  Increased revenues by 150%. 
Managed marketing budget
Created alliance sales program.
Identified new markets; formulated product and marketing strategies required; lead cross-functional teams to realize successful entry.  
Analyzed competitive product/service offerings and pricing to formulate effective marketing and sales strategies and neutralize competition. 
Managed company relationship with key clients responsible for 60% of total revenues.  Negotiated key client agreements 
Recruited &amp; managed sales staff
Initiated and managed relations with the press and key industry trade groups; produced press releases and contributed articles to trade press.  Developed marketing literature, promotional materials, white papers, etc. to support sales.  Responded to RFI/RFP requests in support of sales.  Managed trade show representation.

Director			IT Specialist LLC 			(6/1998 -9/ 2002)
Promoted services and managed multiple delivery projects for this provider of IT and disaster recovery /business continuity consulting.  

Director			TradeTech Services LLC 		(5/1990 - 6/1998)
Formulated marketing strategy and competitive positioning; developed pricing strategy; negotiated key client agreements; prepared RFI and RFP responses; formulated contracts; managed multiple vendors. Provided content for, and managed, advertising, press relations, and trade shows.  Sold services to Fortune 500 clients.  Managed multi-disciplined staff of 18.

Education
B.A. Excelsior College (Albany, NY) 1983
Certificate in Program/Project Management, ESI/George Washington University (Washington, DC) 2000
Certificate in Disaster Recovery &amp; Continuity Planning, Disaster Recovery Institute (Falls Church, VA) 
References upon request



  
    advertising
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Business Development
  
  
    com
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    Competitive analysis
    competitive analysis
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    content
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    Client
    client
    clients
    customer relations
  
  
    DC
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    product development
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
    disaster recovery
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    email
  
  
    features
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    http
  
  
    marketing strategies
    marketing plans
    marketing strategy
  
  
    Market research
  
  
    marketing
    market
  
  
    Marketing communications
  
  
    money
  
  
    2000
  
  
    network
    networking
  
  
    Physics
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    press
    press releases
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    product management
  
  
    profit
  
  
    program development
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    promotional materials
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    relationship management
  
  
    RFI
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    strategic plans
    Strategic planning
    strategic planning
  
  
    white papers
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    unique
  
  
    view
  
  
    website content
  
  
    articles
  


