
RESUME

KIRANTARA SRIRANGAN					
899, Powers Ferry Rd, Apt #K9,					
Marietta, GA 30067							
Home Phone: (678) 400 2446
Cell Phone: (414) 306 1275
Email: kirantara@hotmail.com

I am a high potential Research Manager with over 8 years of research and consulting experience across industries and verticals.  I am capable of managing and collaborating with multiple teams and translate information into insights, crucial for decision making.


WORK VISA STATUS
Have a valid work visa to work in USA.  Do not require any work visa sponsorship

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Capgemini, India							June 2008 - February 2010

Role: Manager-Research

Identify and analyze  business issues of  clients and develop analytically driven insights
Map and penetrate existing client base and proactively develop new contacts to increase revenue
Competitive analysis of IT service providers
Draw together information from primary and secondary sources to prove hypotheses
Possess the ability to collect information from the bid managers and the industry experts using direct interviewing and elicitation techniques
Review the analyses and reports prepared by the team to ensure the required standards of depth, accuracy, logical consistency and value-add
Manage research team including hiring, goal setting and performance appraisals to ensure that each team member works towards achieving objectives
Identify skills of every team member and impart training to boost morale and productivity.



Ipsos ASI Inc, USA							April 2007 - April 2008

Role: Senior Research Analyst

Specify and evaluate research datasets for internal consistency and in comparison with previous experience, and identify primary data relationships to support model development.
Collaborate with the Director to propose and implement analytic plans and create statistical models.
Summarize, evaluate, and report analytic results with recommendations and implications for use.
Review and re-evaluate models periodically to confirm they perform as intended; develop and implement improvements as needed to extend their range and maintain or improve analytic precision.
Facilitate the delivery of statistical data in the form of presentations, reports and charts. 
Able to manage the design and analysis of multiple research projects simultaneously.
Other ad hoc analyses and related projects as assigned.


Spire Research &amp; Consulting Pte Ltd, Singapore			December 2001-August 2006

Role: Senior Consultant

Interact with clients to understand and document the business objectives
Analyze customer needs, perceptions,  product awareness, buying behavior through a combination of proprietary and syndicated customer research studies
Competitive analysis of strategies and solutions, as well as market sizing and forecasting of sectors such as Consumer, Retail, Health Care and IT
Conduct tracking studies providing monthly updates and insightful summaries and customer satisfaction studies 
Conduct primary research such as focus group discussions, depth interviews and through questionnaire method 
Coordinate with outside suppliers to ensure that the Research projects meet the objectives and are completed on time and on budget.
Promptly report and present findings, implications, and recommendations to the management to ensure appropriate integration into company decision-making.










Apollo Sindhoori Capital Investments Limited, India		November 1998 - August 2001
(A Stock Broking firm)	

Role: Research Executive                        

Conduct primary and secondary research to examine the Market conditions with respect to the market size, market trends and key activities of competitors.
Selecting the most appropriate research methodology and techniques
Manage a team of field interviewers.
Analyze and interpret the data obtained using Word and Excel.
Study the Sales information and identify areas for improvement.
Assist the marketing team in preparing the demand and sales forecasts using data tables and creating Scenarios to deal with What-if questions.
Prepare and present Reports to the management for effective decision making.


EDUCATION

University of Wales, UK
Master of Business Administration   September 1998
(Specialization in International Business &amp; Marketing)                                       

University of Madras   
MPhil -Research Degree- Economics   September 1997

University of Madras
MA - Economics June 1996

University of Madras
BA - Economics June 1994

TECHNICAL/SOFTWARE SKILLS

       Good Knowledge of MS Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, SPSS, and SAP SD module  





3




  
    ad
  
  
    budget
  
  
    charts
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    Competitive analysis
    competitive intelligence
  
  
    Draw
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    decision-making
    decision making
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    focus
  
  
    forecasting
  
  
    goal setting
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    Director
  
  
    market research
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    market
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
    MS Word
  
  
    works
  
  
    performance appraisals
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Retail
  
  
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    SAP SD
  
  
    SPSS
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    tables
  
  
    telephone
  


