
                                             Ruth C. Marsh
     Address: 784 N Howard St., # 302, Alexandria, VA 22304 USA Phone: 301-281-7346 (mobile);


 Email: ruthmarsh85@yahoo.com

Experience...part-time

Starstone Home Improvement                                       (Charlotte, NC)                  2008 to 2009
     Installation assistant for handicapped bathtubs

Today's Staffing Temporary Service                               (Charlotte, NC)                  2008
      Receptionist-Akima Management

Kelly Services Temporary Services                                (Collierville, TN)               2008
      Receptionist-Thomas &amp; Betts

Capabilities Profile...
My proven capabilities are applicable in a variety of areas including:
        Administrative Assistant              Accounts Payable


Experience...
Memphis-Shelby County Airport Authority                   (Memphis, TN)                     1995 to 2007
        Administrative Assistant (2001-2007)
Accomplishments Achieved:
    Net Data Entry numeric speed: 11,844 Keystrokes/hour
    Attended monthly meetings and was secretary (2004-2006) for the Corporate Resources Committee of the
    Mid-South Minority Business Council.
    Attended pre-bid and pre-proposal meetings and relayed federal requirements to potential bidders.
    Completed recap of bids received, and reviewed for goal accomplishment.
    Completed monthly Departmental Report, which included meetings with firms seeking certification, various office
    events, and departmental training.
   Completed monthly Board Agenda memo, which consisted of my spreadsheet analysis on bid recaps and inserted
   this information into memo form for Vice President to present to Board.
   Logged legal notices and project advisory forms, of which I gathered approvals to initiate subsequent legal notice
   for newspaper publishing.
   Worked with team members to plan the Authority's Annual General Membership session, and the Annual
   Mid-South Minority Business Council's Tradeshow.
   Operated the Authority's booth at the Whitehaven Economic Development Council Annual Meeting.
   Distributed annual airport federal compliance brochure to contractors, vendors and employees.
   Prepared expense report for manager's out-of-town travel, noting whether reimbursement was due to manager or
   to the company if travel advance funds were involved.


       Accounts Payable Clerk (August 1995-August 2001

   Utilized computer software (Bowman Group) to enter invoices, batch them and process checks, allowing for
   discounts when applicable. Submitted batches to supervisor for approval. Posted to General Ledger under
   instructions from supervisor.
   Solved discrepancies by phone with vendor when necessary.
   Completed logs and filed documents appropriately.
   Reviewed vendor statements at month end contacted them to make certain that all invoices had been paid or were
   in the process of being paid; assisted with month end reconciliation with supervisor.
   Entered bi-weekly payroll liability information into the system and prepared checks for mailing.
   Performed weekly processing of travel advance /reimbursement checks to employees.
   Disbursed, verified and replenished the petty cash fund for the Finance Division and processed weekly petty cash
   checks for all departments.
   Entered bi-weekly payroll liability information into the system by way of data entry and prepared checks for mailing,
   which included employee and employer funds.
   Deposited Airport Authority funds from tenant payments at on-site bank. Reconciled accounts payable accrual
   account and subsidiary account monthly and at interim and fiscal year-ends.
   Paid purchase order and non-purchase invoices.
   Compiled a general and administrative report on spreadsheet monthly for budgeting purposes, noting variances
   between actual and budgeted expenses.
   Assisted with other duties and special projects as assigned.
   Salary-14.00 per hour, at 40 hours per week

   Education: H.M. Turner High School, Atlanta, GA 30114; Graduation -May 1969
          Clayton State University, Morrow, GA 30260-0285, 101 quarter hours,

Computer and Specialized Skills
   Microsoft Office
   Access
   Microsoft Word
   Microsoft Excel
   Outlook
   Bowman Group accounting software
   Prolog Software
   Machinery utilized-copier, fax, scanner, computer, check writer
   Strong communication, customer service and organization skills
   Attentive to details and accuracy
   10-key by touch
   Typing speed-55 to 60 wpm


References...      Upon Request



  
    10-key by touch
  
  
    accounting software
  
  
    accounts payable
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    accrual
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    Administrative Assistant
  
  
    back-up
  
  
    brochure
  
  
    budgeting
  
  
    bi
  
  
    Council
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    Data Entry
    data entry
  
  
    email
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    fax
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    forms
  
  
    funds
  
  
    General Ledger
  
  
    legal
  
  
    Machinery
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    office
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    newspaper
  
  
    office equipment
  
  
    Office Manager
  
  
    organization skills
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    copier
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Prolog
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    scanner
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    spreadsheet
  
  
    supervisor
  
  
    switchboard
  
  
    telephone
    phone
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    Typing speed
    60 wpm
  
  
    writer
  


