
Kevin B. Jackson
Phone: (301) 868-7111 | Email: kbjackson7@hotmail.com
Address: 7503 Castle Rock Drive, Clinton, MD 20735


Results-driven, reliable, and highly accomplished PMO Consultant with over 24 years of successful IT experience. Adept at leading the design, implementation, testing, debugging, and maintenance of software applications while ensuring compliance with stringent time and budget constraints. Currently seeking a position as an IT Project Manager which will utilize all skills, abilities, and areas of expertise as follows:

Full lifecycle experience in scoping, designing, developing, deploying, and supporting enterprise-scale business applications and business intelligence software.
Unique competency in translating business issues into technical solutions, including technical leadership and coordination, and ensuring customer needs are met.
Outstanding leadership abilities; able to coordinate and direct all phases of project-based efforts while leading efficient customer support initiatives.
Exceptional multi-tasking skills with a wide-range of technical abilities and proficiency in several applications, programming languages, and hardware platforms.


Project Management
Software Engineering
Requirements Gathering
Budgeting/Forecasting 
Contract Negotiation 


Team Building/Leadership
Client Relations/Retention
Change Management 
Unit, Integration, &amp; Regression Testing 


RUP, Agile, RAD, OOD, OOA, OOP &amp; Client/Server
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Disaster Recovery


Professional Profile	

Training by Design, Inc.	                                                    Nov. 2010 - Dec. 2011  
Training Consultant 
Trained the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness on Microsoft Office and project management.
Established a Microsoft IT Academy at Excellence Christian School, as well as taught software development utilizing C# and the Android development environment.

Premier Analysis	                                                    Sept. 2010 - Oct. 2010  
Proposal Consultant 
Contracted to work with the Business Unit Manager and Account Manager to prepare a proposal plan that met the objectives of the proposal budget and timeline.
Kevin B. Jackson	Page 2



Professional Profile - Continued	

Evaluated inquiry documents for special requirements and distribute inquiry documents to others involved in the proposal and estimate preparation as required.
Sourced assistance from other departments (Engineering, Estimating, Contract Administration, Construction, etc.) as required to prepare the proposal.
Held responsible for the preparation/review of the proposal write-ups, as well as for preparing initial assessment of the technical, financial, schedule or any other unusual risks associated with a proposal.

TEK Systems	                                                    Sept. 2009 - Apr. 2010
SharePoint Consultant
Provided systems analysis and architectural support to Noblis' Corporate Information Management team and worked with various business units to define requirements for the enterprise search strategy. Project goal was to recommend best practices in regards to searching for artifacts across the entire enterprise. 
Assisted in the review of the SharePoint 2010 release and created/delivered proof of concept web parts. 

Stanley Associates	                                                    Aug. 2006 - Aug. 2009
Project Manager 
Chosen to provide project management and technical support on the SSES Omnibus contract at the Office of the Comptroller the Currency. 
As project manager, led the Web Development team responsible for maintaining the agency's three website environments. 
Implemented business logic/application database changes, developed ad-hoc reports, gathered data from external agencies, assisted customers, repaired application defects, and performed application tuning.
Tested/validated application changes, replaced obsolete system/application components, tested new/upgraded hardware and software, and documented all application changes/enhancements.
Provided assistance with customer acceptance testing, application changes with Production Control, and all database changes with the Database Administration group.
Architected the ITS Work Request portal allowing management to assign task and track the progress of work assigned to the contracting staff.  In addition, the portal allows the developer to utilize the custom estimating module and track system issues as well as providing near real-time project status.

Minjoh Technology Solutions	                                                    Dec. 2002 - Aug. 2006
Project Manager 
Oversaw the daily operations on the U.S. Department of Housing &amp; Urban Development's (HUD) Contact which included providing technical expertise to HUD's Office of Single Family Housing supporting their efforts to out-source the National Call Center.  
Provided technical expertise during the requirement gather phase which included the development of an analysis report on all facets of the proposed HUD's National Call Center, to include any alternatives or improvements to ensure that the Single Family Housing goals were met.  
Directed the effort to finalize the quality control plan, management reporting requirements, and monitor the implementation of the resulting National Call Center contract.  Created  the statement of  work, participated in the pre-proposal conference, and provided technical support. 

TEK Systems	                                                    1996 - Dec. 2002
Project Management Consultant (2001 - 2002)
Interviewed clients regarding needs, developed project management policies/guidelines, trained clients' staff on project management requirements/methods, supported clients' project managers, developed and enhanced clients' project management tracking techniques, and provide reports to senior management.
Established policies, procedures, and training for the Defense Finance &amp; Accounting Services, providing strong planning capabilities and increasing the productivity/effectiveness of their Corporate Information Infrastructure group.
Kevin B. Jackson	Page 3



Professional Profile - Continued	

Trained development staff of the law firm of Hogan and Hartsons, resulted in a 40% reduction in their project development time.
Developed a scope document form that provided a method for the client to analyze a proposed project's Return on Investment and enhanced their ability to accept or deny projects and prioritize effectively.
Created project estimating procedures and techniques that increased the accuracy of the client's development estimates by a factor of ten.

Project Manager (1998 - 2001)
Provided project management support for internal projects and for clients, including the engineering firm of Michael Baker Corporation, the drug testing laboratory of Qualisys and the Anderson consulting firm. 
Oversaw development teams with 5 to 20 development professionals, assessed client needs, designed and created effective solutions, met client deadlines, and maintained positive client relationships.  
Designed an intranet financial application that provided daily cash receipts and inventory and receivables management.
Created an application that provided on-demand management reporting for 200+ senior executives, as well as enhanced an existing application that managed data associated with occupational health services.
Managed a team responsible for developing over 20 internal applications during an 18-month period. Provided management support, as well as validated and prioritized requests. 
Took control of a client's development project that was behind schedule, reorganized the development effort, completed the project on time, and defined development procedures for future projects.
Developed an intranet application that enabled company to screen/monitor 15K+ consultants on staff.

Senior Programmer/Analyst (1996 - 1998)
Provided systems analysis and programming support to Coopers and Lybrand, MCI and other clients as assigned.  
Analyzed and created a tax withholding application that incorporated Visual Basic, Lotus Notes, Oracle, Excel and OLE automation.
Developed a business analysis application that utilized Access, Excel, Visual Basic and SQL technologies.

Additional Experience	

ManTech  Senior Programmer/Analyst 	                                                    1996  
Systems Integration, Inc.  Project Manager  	                                                    1996  
Ellsworth &amp; Associates  Project Manager	                                  1994 - 1996  
DynCorp  Project Manager 	                                  1991 - 1994  
Network Management, Inc.  Software Engineer/Task Leader  	                                  1988 - 1991  

Education &amp; Training	

Almeda College &amp; University | Bachelor of Information Technology (2004)
Eastern Mennonite University | Business Administration (1982 - 1984) 
Managing Needs &amp; Requirements, University of Technology Management
Scheduling &amp; Cost Control, University of Technology Management
Selling to VITO, Anthony Parinello
Certified Project Manager, Brainbench
JAD Facilitation, Maxim Group
Coach's Edge Effective Leadership, Maxim Group

Technical Skills	

MS Office, MS Project, MS Project Server, MS SharePoint, Active Directory, MS SQL Server, Oracle, InfoPath, AJAX Control Tool Kit, MS Visio, Visual Studio, Crystal Reports, MS Reporting Service, C#, Visual Basic.NET, Visual Basic 6, ASP.NET, T-SQL, VBA, PL/SQL, HTML, XML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript, VBscript, Web Services









  
    Visual Basic.NET
    ASP.NET
  
  
    Accounting
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    ad
  
  
    Agency
    agency
  
  
    automation
  
  
    budget
  
  
    business analysis
  
  
    Call Center
  
  
    Coach
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    concept
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    Contract Administration
  
  
    Cost Control
  
  
    Council
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    Database Administration
    database
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    Edge
  
  
    Estimating
    estimating
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Hogan
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    inventory
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    law
  
  
    logic
  
  
    Lotus Notes
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    management reporting
  
  
    Access
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office
    MS Office
    Office
  
  
    MS Project
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    OLE
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    developer
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    policies
  
  
    programming
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project development
  
  
    Project Management
    project management
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    researching
    Research
  
  
    Selling
  
  
    Scheduling
  
  
    software development
  
  
    MS SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    systems analysis
  
  
    tax
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    T-SQL
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    VBA
  
  
    VBscript
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Visual Basic 6
  
  
    Visual Studio
  
  
    website
    Web Development
  
  
    XML
  


