
2


PETER BUGNO 
34 Fern Meadow Rd., Toronto, M1E 5J1
Phone: 416-724-7227; Fax: 416-724-4255
E-mail: pbugno@rogers.com

Objective: A Project Manager / Coordinator / Estimator position in construction industry.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

An extensive civil engineering experience in residential, commercial and industrial construction including: 
General project management and site supervision of apartment buildings (3), commercial building-offices (7), a health care centre (33 units, 2 laboratories), a preschool centre (for over 500 children), a shopping malls (3);
Management of Preliminary Site-Work Department/Project Integration Management Office (5 years); 
Bidding preparation, tender submission and definitive project estimating including: shopping malls (23), commercial buildings (34), banks/financial centers (12), hotels/recreational facilities (16), cultural centers (4), churches (3), apartment buildings (14), health care centers (2), senior residence buildings (5); 
General project management of commercial construction company (4 years);
Estimation and management for a renovation, environmental and demolition companies (8 years); 
Experience in the structural steel design and junction detailing for commercial and industrial construction; 
Sub-management and surveying service on harbor and hydro-engineering sites (3 years);
Design and management of individual houses, town houses and supplementary buildings;
Providing Home &amp; Building Inspections as a registered professional, (part-time activities over 9 years).

   HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS

Business oriented; able to understand and execute broad corporate policy.
Strength in analyzing and improving engineering and administrative methods.
Effective in facilitating communication between management and project team.
Proven ability to manage both large and small groups and maintain productivity.
Outstanding problem solving skills. 
Successful in negotiating favorable design and construction contracts.
Customized a number of software programs for design and office management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
October 2009  -  June 2011:  High Point Environmental Inc. / TERCO Construction Ltd., Toronto, On.  - 
Senior Estimator  -  Projects' Supervisor
Providing full estimating and scheduling management for bidding and in-coming projects including:
Project pre-evaluation and selection for tendering 
Estimation of projects for in-coming bidding process, including scope of work &amp; deficiencies coordination
Proposal letter preparation and / or a bid-form submitting
Scheduling of bidding process and after success-tender project preparation 
Jan. 2003   -   July 2007:    Canadian Stucco Inc., Toronto, On.          -           Project Manager/ Estimator
The major responsibility from bidding preparation to final job acceptance had included:
Administering the tendering process; 
Liaising with various internal contacts i.e. Real Estate, Construction department, Operations, Purchasing; Marketing and Legal departments;
Developing a project schedule and accurate budget for each project; 
Coordinating building permits and site approvals; 
Ensuring engineering, architectural and design plans/projects are completed and accurate; 
Coordinating new build-out, major renovations, maintenance and conversion projects; 
Coordinating equipment delivery and location schedules; 
Establishing and monitoring of budgets and adherence of variance controls; 
Coordinating site activities to ensure communications and problem resolution;
Overseeing construction and conducting periodic site inspections for quality and timing standards; 
Ensuring projects are delivered within deadlines and budgets; 
June 2001 - Jan. 2003:    "Buildex" Construction &amp; Development Corp., Brampton, On.,        -                                                    
    Project Manager/Coordinator
Multi-project coordination and site supervision of 4 independent sites including responsibility for:
Arranging all site employment, both internal and subcontracted;
Communicating with investors, architects, inspectors and subcontractors;
Obtaining all necessary transportation, equipment, supplies, permits etc.;
Supervising of jobs quality and progress evaluation;
Preparing construction schedules and analysis, writing periodic reports;
Keeping financial records, site records and adjustment records;
Negotiating favorable design, modifications and construction contracts;
April 1997 - June 2001:          Cliffside Drafting Inc., Oshawa, On.          -         Steel Detailer/Designer 
Developed detail structural drawings for commercial and industrial buildings including:
Design of basic structural members as: beams, columns, braces, foot bases, etc.;
Design erection bolts and associated parts;
Coordination of a site assembly and in-shop member's execution of all related elements.
Other Construction Experience:
Aug.1995  -  March 1997:   P.B. Construction Ltd., Toronto, On.             -           Contractor / General Manager
Dec. 1994  -   Aug. 1995:    Paul Johnston Architect Ltd., Toronto, On.           -              Architectural Assistant
Aug. 1993  -   Nov. 1994:    Maxim Group General Contracting Ltd.,  Mississauga, On.,    -    Site Coordinator
Jan. 1991  -  March 1993:   Alternate Energy Resources, Willowdale, -   Constr. Project Coordinator/Installer               
International Experience:
Sept. 1985 - Dec.1990     S.P.B. Construction Company, Opole, Poland   -   Site Manager/Coordinator
Developing a project schedule and accurate budget for projects; 
Coordinating building permits and site approvals, book-keeping contracts and projects;  
Ensuring engineering, architectural and design plans/projects are completed and accurate; 
Coordinating new build-out, major renovations, maintenance and conversion projects; 
Ensuring projects are delivered within deadlines and budgets;
Book-keeping contracts and projects.  
July 1982 - August 1985   S.S.P. Building Renovation &amp; Maintenance      -        Construction Manager
Approvals of site-construction plans, project staffing and engineering drawings;
Preliminary and definitive cost estimations, contractors selection and job coordination;
Updated permits, contracts and job agreements;
April 1979 - June 1982   "Naviga" Coordination &amp; Investment Company   -    Surveyor/Site Assistant
Acquaintance with hydro-engineering technology (organization of a large size construction site during construction of a moveable-overfill weir, tide gates, channels and attendant objects), including:
Measuring range (land surveying, leveling and setting out axes and dimension lines);
Analyzing and testing samples of soil and concrete; on-site project modifications and plan changes; 
Frame work organization for construction equipment and heavy transportation of soil and concrete; 
Building objects under water and with its direct contact using special methods.
EDUCATION / PROFESSIONAL INFORMATION
Recent - update education:

University of Toronto - Leading Project in Organizations - P.M.I. Certificate Course (July 2010)
University of Toronto - Project Implementation &amp; Control - P.M.I. Certificate Course (December 2009)
University of Toronto - Foundations of Project Management - P.M.I. Certificate Course (May 2009)
Humber Collage - "Electrical For Home Inspection" &amp;  "Heating For Home Inspection" (February 2004) 
Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing - Ontario Building Code "Building Envelope" (Apr. 2003)
Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing - Ontario Building Code "Health &amp; Safety"    (April 2003)
Ontario Association of Home Inspectors - "Defect Recognition &amp; Reporting Course"   (Feb. 2003)

Polytechnic Institute, Civil Engineering Department, Opole, Poland, 1986
Title: Master of Building Engineering, Engineer (university degree)
Graduate Study in Civil Engineering - Professional College Institute, 1980 
Registered Professional in Civil Engineering in Poland, (License No.: 234/87/Op)















  
    3D
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    basic
  
  
    Book-keeping
    book-keeping
  
  
    budgets
    budget
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    conversion
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    estimating
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Frame
  
  
    Legal
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    Negotiating
  
  
    problem resolution
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Management
    project coordination
  
  
    Proposal
  
  
    Purchasing
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    reporting
    Reporting
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    Scheduling
    scheduling
  
  
    staffing
  
  
    Supervising
    supervision
  
  
    tender
  
  
    transportation
  


