
KATE HAGERTY
773.251.6495  katehagerty@yahoo.com

Accomplished senior executive with expertise in leadership, strategic marketing and communications, sales, B2B &amp; B2C account management and client service, branding, customer acquisition and retention across multiple industries including Retail, Advertising, Loyalty, Legal and Telecommunications. Brand promise is delivering results, building productive, cohesive teams and authentic relationships at all levels within an organization and when working with outside agencies. Possesses relentless drive to win, demonstrated strategy and execution of brand identity, brand consistent messaging and positioning across all touch points, creative problem-solving, proactive decision-making and "Just Do It" attitude. Happiest and most productive in smart, fast-paced, results-oriented environment that embraces a sense of humor and true life work balance.

	Project Management	         Integrated Marketing 		         Budget Management
	Marketing Communications	         Multi-channel Marketing	         B2B &amp; B2C
  Direct Response &amp; CRM	         Creative Development		         Branding &amp; Identity
	Copywriting			         Copy Editing			         Direct Mail
  Strategic Planning		         Advertising &amp; Promotion	         Vision &amp; Strategy
  Loyalty Marketing &amp; Programs     Creative Problem Solving	         Brand Management
  Mentoring &amp; Development	         Category/Segment Marketing	         Agency/Client Experience
	Marketing/Sales Materials 	         Consumer Behavior &amp; Insights	         Customer Segmentation


PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
						        
Director of Merchant Experience, 2010 to 2011
Rainbow Rewards - Denver, CO 
Rainbow Rewards provides retailers with an automated loyalty platform that drives traffic and builds sustained sales through integrated marketing campaigns. Consumers earn up to 20% cash back when they shop at participating local and online businesses.

Recruited to lead strategy, development and execution of all merchant marketing initiatives from acquisition through retention. In 2011, role expanded to entail all marketing programs including corporate partnerships, new product launches and channel marketing campaigns composed of: point-of-purchase, direct mail, email, tele-prospecting, sweepstakes and more. 
*	Direct $5M budget and team of five; lead cross-functional teams on merchant and member marketing plans including: email, social media, online and mobile.
	Revamped entire merchant brand strategy to ensure brand consistent messaging and experience across all touch points. Developed annual promotional calendar, style guide, initiated new sales tools and marketing materials, launched monthly newsletter, developed POS Kit, Merchant Welcome Kit, Merchant Referral Program, Loyalty in a Box product and more.
	Inception and launch of tele-prospecting arm of the company (in US and Australia) resulting in 267 new merchants, 363 new merchant locations, a 400% increase over 2010 and $1M in merchant revenue.
	Upgraded CRM software improving efficiency, reporting capabilities and actualizing a 40% savings per month over previous vendor.
	Led planning initiative with Marketo to launch category and segmented marketing automation, demand generation and develop highly targeted CRM communication.	
	Author and edit sales materials introducing new product launches and brand additions to partnership loyalty programs, e.g., United Airlines, American Airlines and Upromise, encompassing 14.9M active members.



Silpada Designs - Denver, CO	                                                                 			             2008-2010
Silpada Designs is the original and fastest growing .925 Sterling Silver Jewelry Home Party company in the United States.

Launched independent business selling a line of handcrafted, .925 sterling silver jewelry, belts and watches. Secured over $321,600 in revenue; recruited and developed a team of 10. Achieved: My First Year 2009; Sterling Club 2009, 2010; Soar 2009, 2010; Viva La Diva 2010; Leadership Conference 
2010.

Account Director													2007-2008                                                     
McClain Finlon Advertising - Denver, CO 	        	 
McClain Finlon was the largest independently owned, full-service agency in the Rocky Mountain West. Clients included Breckenridge Ski Resort, CUNA Mutual Group, Dell Inc., Qwest Communications, Suncor (USA) Energy Inc. and State Farm Insurance.

Qwest, a $13.9 billion corporation, offered broadband, video and voice solutions for residential customers, business and government agencies. 

Championed Qwest Retail and Collateral business channels representing 106 retail locations in 14 states in excess of $10.5M in revenue.
*  	Led, mentored and supervised a team of three including: one Account Supervisor and two Account Executives; Indirect leadership of five members of Qwest's Direct Retail Marketing team.
	Established Qwest "Compass Workshops" to improve efficiencies in annual campaign planning; reduced overall planning hours by 70.75.
*	In nine months, successfully led: four campaign change outs, five promotional overlays, three media campaigns and two new store grand openings. 
				
Account Director, 2004 to 2007			             2004-2007
Account Supervisor, 1997 to 1999
Ambrosi and Associates, Inc. - Chicago, IL
  Ambrosi is a leading advertising and marketing services agency specializing in building brands. Partial client list: Sears Holdings Corporation, The Home Depot, Bloomingdale's, The Great Indoors, Fannie May, Office Max and ULTA.

	Sears Holdings Corporation, the parent of Kmart and Sears, Roebuck and Co., is the nation's fourth largest broadline retailer with over $50 billion in annual revenue.

	Managed Sears "Hardline" and "Softline" accounts representing multibillion dollars in annual sales.
*	Led, mentored and directed team of 15 including: Account Executives, Account Supervisors, Photographers, Senior Art Directors, Art Directors and Copywriters; Dotted-line responsibility for approximately 50 additional agency staff.
*	Conceived and executed global marketing strategies with Sears' corporate marketing for their largest annual promotions, e.g., Sears Days, Back to School, Holiday and Craftsman Club.
*	Acquired new Craftsman business for the agency resulting in $1.5M incremental revenue.

Independent Consultant - Chicago, IL			             2003-2004
Marketing communications, integrated brand development and project management. Clients included: Frankel &amp; Company (United Airlines, Chicago Bears and Chicago Blackhawks); Bank One (Commercial Marketing and Sales); Red Bull (Flugtag media event in Chicago).

Senior Staffing Director			             2002-2003
Encore Group - Chicago, IL 			             
Encore Group, a project and permanent placement firm, specializes in marketing communications, advertising and public relations.

Distinguished and obtained top talent for Fortune 500 companies specializing in marketing communications, advertising and public relations. In 13 months, added 250 new candidates, 10 new clients and secured $350K in revenue through successful candidate placement.

Strategic Marketing Manager									1999-2001
Sears HomeLife - Hoffman Estates, IL 	
	HomeLife, spun off by Sears, Roebuck and Co. to Citicorp Venture Capital in 1999, was a national retailer of furniture and accessories. Reported directly to Vice President of Marketing and Advertising; daily interaction with company's CEO, COO and CFO.	
*	Co-led re-brand initiative for 130 stores in 28 states; tested and evaluated Everyday Low Pricing positioning vs Sale Pricing positioning.
*	Reallocated $65M advertising budget to reach target customer more effectively. Integrated campaigns executed included: outdoor, national print media and TV/radio.
*	Planned and successfully launched six new stores, each which met or exceeded sales plan.

Account Supervisor - Ambrosi and Associates, Inc. - Chicago, IL		   1997-1999 (see above)

Account Manager									             1993-1996
Showtime Networks Inc. - Chicago, IL 						             
Showtime Networks Inc. (SNI) is the corporate division of media conglomerate CBS Corporation.

Brand management and distribution of Showtime, The Movie Channel and FLIX products and programming. Constructed long-term marketing plans with clients; Channels included: targeted direct mail, telemarketing campaigns, conception and execution of employee incentive contests. 

Chicago, IL - Senior Account Executive							1987-1993
	New York, NY - Account Executive
LEXIS/NEXIS 											             	
Serving customers in more than 100 countries, LEXIS/NEXIS is a leading worldwide publisher and information provider of legal, news, public records and business information.

Identified and established relationships with true decision makers at the company's top 15 "Jewel Account" law firms. Closed multiple long-term contracts, resulting in $5.5M in incremental revenue. Obtained firm wide endorsement from one third of territory to use LEXIS/NEXIS as mandatory step in case preparation. Pony Award recipient for double-digit territory growth. 

EDUCATION		Bachelor of Arts, Miami University, Oxford, OH, Psychology, 1986 

INTERESTS		Running (two-time Chicago Marathon finisher), cycling, skiing, hiking, almost 					anything outdoors, photography, women's athletic apparel, wine and 						wine tastings, movies, self-improvement, life and career coaching, jewelry and 					gems, biking/hiking tours and trips, Starbuck's coffee, dogs and women's shoes.



  
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    Art
  
  
    agency
  
  
    automation
  
  
    brand strategy
    Brand management
    brand development
  
  
    broadband
  
  
    budget
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    Dell
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    edit
  
  
    email
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Leadership
    leadership
  
  
    law
    legal
  
  
    LEXIS/NEXIS
  
  
    marketing strategies
    marketing plans
  
  
    marketing
    Marketing
  
  
    Marketing communications
    marketing communications
  
  
    marketing materials
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Max
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    Office
  
  
    publisher
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    newsletter
  
  
    POS
  
  
    positioning
  
  
    Pricing
  
  
    print media
  
  
    programming
  
  
    project management
  
  
    public relations
  
  
    radio
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    Retail
    retail
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    SNI
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Supervisor
  
  
    telemarketing
  
  
    TV
  
  
    Venture Capital
  
  
    video
  
  
    Workshops
  
  
    Author
  


