
     SANMATHI BHARAMGOUDA
http://www.sanmathi-bharamgouda.blogspot.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/sanmathigb
Email- sanmathigb@gmail.com * Phone- 919-376-6047 * 4981 Catoctin Drive # 95 San Diego, CA-92115
OBJECTIVE 
To obtain a challenging Full Time / Internship responsibility in the domains related to Multimedia Compression/ Video Coding in a company extending maximum services to the same and an opportunity to learn and contribute proving to be an asset to the company.
EDUCATION
MS (Electrical Engineering), San Diego State University            			                Aug'09-Dec'12
GPA - 3.60/4.0
BE (Electronics and Communication), VTU, India				                             Aug'04-Jun'08  GPA - 3.75/4.0
WORK EXPERIENCE
Teaching Associate									              Sep '10 - Sep'11
Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, SDSU
Conducted a lab on 'Engineering Electronics' involving experimental study of laboratory instruments, diodes, rectifier circuits, filters, transistors, and operational amplifiers for electrical engineering undergraduates.  
Responsible for helping the Professor in preparing the curriculum for future semesters and making changes in the lab manuals accordingly. Also involved in setting up the lab and all its hardware for use by the students. 
Summer Intern 								                       May '09 - Aug '09      Super Computer Education and Research Centre, IISc, India
Fundamental understanding of computer networks, the software and hardware aspects of the same for conducting experiments using routers and packet/traffic generators.
Worked on 'Router and Network Security' using various sniffing tools like Wireshark and Ethereal, involving capture of tcpdumps and studying their impact on network security.

Junior Research Fellow								          July '08 - April '09 
Centre for Cryogenic Technology, IISc, India
Worked on 'Electronic Instrumentation for Gas Sensors' designed and developed at Centre for Cryogenic Technology. This project was granted/funded by ISRO and Department of Science and Technology (India). Also published two papers at National Level Conferences based on this work.


RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Multimedia Wireless Networks, Multimedia Communication, High Speed Communication Networks, Stochastic Systems, Wireless Communication, Digital Signal Processing, Microcontrollers, Embedded systems, RF Design, VLSI, Analog/Digital Communication, Programming with C/C++ and Computer Architecture.
SKILL SET
Programming Languages   : C, C++, Perl, Matlab. 
IDE                                    : Microsoft Visual Studio.
Operating Systems	       : Linux, Windows, MAC.
Multimedia Standards	       : H.264/AVC, H.264/SVC, MPEG2, ffMPEG, JPEG, JPEG2000.
Communication Standards: CDMA, TDMA, FDMA, LTE, TCP/IP, 802.11 suite, RTP,HTTP, SIP.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Packet Loss visibility model for H.264 video streams.
Part of the team which built a linear model for predicting the visibility of a packet loss to aid video content providers to implement unequal error protection and/or pre-emptive packet drops.
Motion Estimation / Compensation algorithm implementation.
Coded the algorithm for different kinds of search mechanisms to find the best match in reference frames in Matlab. 
Study of error patterns for pre-emptive packet drops. 
Simulated various kinds of losses in an encoded file to analyse the effect of each on the decoded video quality and hence come up with a pattern which aids pre-emptive packet drops. 
Basic object tracking algorithm implementation. 
Coded the algorithm to track object and thus encode it with enhanced quality in a video sequence in Matlab. 
Analysis of error concealment algorithms in H.264.
Repeated simulations to understand the working of basic error concealment schemes in JM reference software 14.2 for H.264 video codec to build on its efficiency.   
AWARDS, CERTIFICATES AND SOCIETY
Selected for the 'Non Resident Tuition Waiver' program by the SDSU Electrical Engineering Department for two consecutive years.
Completed a semester long certification course on 'Wireless Mobile Communication' at the Centre for Continuing Education, Indian Institute of Science.
Certification course on 'Programming Advanced Digital Signal Processors' at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras.
President of SDSU Hindu Yuva, a student organization on campus to plan, initiate and promote activities which bring students together enhancing peace and solidarity.
Started blogging at http://www.sanmathi-bharamgouda.blogspot.com to gather ideas and methodologies for simplifying and easing up the process and learning and teaching.  














  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    computer networks
  
  
    Conferences
  
  
    Digital Signal Processing
  
  
    electrical engineering
  
  
    Electronics
  
  
    Embedded systems
  
  
    HTTP
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    MAC
  
  
    Matlab
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Multimedia
  
  
    Network Security
    network security
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    Programming
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    Router
    routers
  
  
    scripts
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    Video
  
  
    Microsoft Visual Studio
    MS Visual Studio
  
  
    VLSI
  


