
38 PASTURE WAY SHERBURN IN ELMET LEEDS LS25 6LQ
PHONE 07926 415707
Email - sherburnsystemsltd@gmail.com

SOFTWARE

Test Director, .BAT, .VBS, Oracle, Unix, SQL, Java, Quality Centre, Quick Test Pro, HP LoadRunner, Selenium, XML, Tivoli tool suites, PAS, SAP, Lotus Notes 8.5, Exchange Server 2007, Microsoft Office 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010 Backup-exec, Citrix Manager, Active Directory, SharePoint, Zenn-apps &amp; Group-wise, Lorenzo, GEM, .NET, Globe I.N Support, Ultra VNC, Microsoft Visual Studio, Sales Force &amp; TargetProcess (Agile project management software) Windows XP, Windows Vista, &amp; Windows 7
SKILLS

UAT, Web Testing, Data Migration, Writing Test Scripts, Test Reporting, Operations Testing, Defect Management, Agile, Waterfall, V-model processes, Telephone System Testing &amp; Development of simple to complex testing scenarios.   

HISTORY

July 2011 to January 2012 Test Analyst Congregational &amp; General 

I was brought in to help introduce professional testing methodologies as the company had never had any formal testing previously. I was testing various new Citrix based Insurance products for Congregational &amp; General Insurance Company on a new platform called S4I.
   
Duties and Responsibilities
Creating detailed test plans
Creating detailed test scripts
Management of the clients and third party test resource during test execution
Raising &amp; management of defects 
Confirm that the system calculates the premiums and payments against detailed requirements
Provide feedback to the development team and ensure the work is carried out in accordance with the schedule and the quality requirements
Provide estimates and feedback to the Software Development Manager for project scheduling purposes


   February 2011 July 2011 Test Analyst The Big Word


Test a new client portal http://interpreting.thebigword.com created by the development team and test the data migrating from http://interpreting.thelittleword.com &amp; www.salesforce.com.  
Assist new members of the test team and provide advice where possible.
Work with the Testing team to assist with the preparation of test plans and the testing of software to company guidelines and standards.
The Big Word developed a new automated telephone system for their translation call center that diverted customers to the correct translators or the correct automation help line I provided assistance with the making of test calls &amp; developed Integration testing scenarios. 

Duties and Responsibilities
Assisting in the preparation of test plans and test scripts
Ensure high quality and accuracy is maintained through to software release
Prepare and maintain test plans for use on automated testing tools (Selenium)
Prepare a test plans and test scripts to test each software component and demonstrate the business condition under test and the expected results
Provide feedback to the development team and ensure the work is carried out in accordance with the schedule and the quality requirements
Provide estimates and feedback to the Software Development Manager for project scheduling purposes
Assist new members of the test team and provide advice where possible.









January 2010 to February 2011 Test Analyst UAT &amp; Performance Benenden Healthcare

As part of the Test team my role was to test the CRM database called Pivotal with an Oracle back end and a web based front end. 
Testing the CRM system required interfaces to ensure that the data that is migrated and is populated in the correct fields and testing the security of user permissions to make sure that a client doesn't have administrator rights, single sign on integrated with 3 other databases and role based access.

Duties and Responsibilities
Ensure high quality and accuracy is maintained through to software release.  
Prepare a test plan and test scripts to test each software component and demonstrate the business condition under test and the expected results. 
Write Test scripts using Quality Center, Record defects in Quality Center.


 October 2009 - to January 2010 Operational Test Analyst Thomas Cook Birstal Leeds

At Thomas Cook I was responsible for delivering technology innovation and supporting the backbone of Thomas Cook's systems integration business.  I was required to focus on the technology foundation required to enable enterprise/agency-wide applications such as e-mail, voice mail, messaging, security, and database software (for functional &amp; non functional test requirements).  I am also required to follow a detailed test script that checks database technologies, platform technologies, operating systems, event/fault monitoring, backup/recovery, problem management, change management and operations gap assessments. 

My skills and Responsibilities

CA, BMC, .Net, HP LoadRunner, QTP, XML and Tivoli tool suites
Production of supporting documentation for test progress and summary.
Manually Test Bank account transactions 
Execution of test scripts and validation of expected results, raising defects as required.
Understanding of Change Management, Configuration Management, and Release Management
UNIX Administration, XML, SQL &amp; Java
Run manual and automated Tests on the Holiday Booking Systems.
Production of OAT estimates detailing the scope and time consumed in OAT testing.










 July 2008 - October 2009 Test Analyst (Lorenzo)  (Rolling Contract)
St Luke's Hospital NHS Bradford

 Rolling contract to test Gem Java and .NET applications Such As Lorenzo. One of the projects here was to test Java versions with the .NET &amp; GEM applications to stop automatic updates of Java interfering with the .NET applications I also provided technical assistance and escalation support to company's clients, hardware usability problems, and general questions. 

My skills and Responsibilities

User acceptance Testing of Lorenzo
Thorough knowledge of Internet software: Netscape, SQL &amp; .Net
Working knowledge of data communications: Firewalls, Routers, and TCP/IP.
Compliance with process and systems (PAS)
Thorough knowledge of structured test methods, lifecycle and processes
Detailed knowledge of  Manual Testing. 



 June 2007 - June 2008 1 Year Contract
Nestle York  Test Analyst

This assignment was to test the new online support application and CRM system to guide users through easy fixes and cut the work load taken on by the first line support team. Testing the CRM system required interfaces to ensure that the data that is migrated and is populated in the correct fields and testing the security of user permissions to make sure that a client doesn't have administrator rights.

My Duties and Responsibilities

SAP (Accounts), Active Directory
Citrix server control, 
SQL, Java, .Net &amp; Unix
Prepare and maintain test plans.
Prepare a test plan and test scripts to test each software component and demonstrate the business condition under test and the expected results.

2001 to 2004 Hull College

IT skills level 3
NVQ level 2 World Class Business Management
BTEC Engineering  















  
    .NET
    .Net
  
  
    Active Directory
  
  
    Agile
  
  
    agency
  
  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    Backup-exec
    backup
  
  
    Business Management
  
  
    call center
  
  
    Change Management
    change management
  
  
    Citrix
  
  
    com
  
  
    CA
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Configuration Management
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    data communications
  
  
    Data Migration
  
  
    databases
    Database
    database
  
  
    designing
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    Firewalls
  
  
    focus
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Group-wise
  
  
    HP
  
  
    http
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    innovation
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    Internet software
  
  
    Java
  
  
    LoadRunner
  
  
    Lotus Notes 8.5
  
  
    Managing
    managing
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    access
  
  
    Exchange Server
  
  
    Microsoft Office 2000
  
  
    Windows 7
    Windows
    windows
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Netscape
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    operating systems
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    processes
  
  
    progress
  
  
    project management
  
  
    QTP
  
  
    Quality
    quality
  
  
    Quick
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    Routers
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    SAP
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Scripts
    scripts
    script
  
  
    Software Development
  
  
    SQL
  
  
    structured
  
  
    systems integration
  
  
    TCP/IP
  
  
    technical assistance
  
  
    Telephone
    telephone
  
  
    Test Director
  
  
    Tivoli
  
  
    translation
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    UNIX Administration
  
  
    validation
  
  
    Vista
  
  
    Microsoft Visual Studio
  
  
    voice mail
  
  
    XML
  


