
WENDY WEINER	

314 Sandpiper Court, Novato, California  94949	

 Phone: 949-500-0144  	

E-mail: wweiner100@yahoo.com	


EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Extensive experience in business development including prospecting for new accounts, expanding revenue with existing accounts, managing small to large accounts, and negotiating contracts with all levels of management and attorneys. Highly skilled at analyzing client's needs, developing solutions, presenting detailed proposals, articulating benefits and value over competition's product, closing deals, and implementing solutions. Ability to sell complex product.  Effective communicator with the ability to explain detailed and technical business strategies. Skilled at influencing and persuading decision makers at all levels.

Highly motivated to exceed sales quota
Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to build strong relationships
Skilled at quickly learning and positioning new products 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



1/2011-1/2012		Kelly Law Registry
Business Development Representative
Responsible for securing orders from law firms and corporations for temporary and permanent legal staff and attorney positions. Prospected for new accounts and nurtured existing clients to increase revenue. Performed consultative selling techniques to understand client's needs. Effectively penetrated law firms to gain intelligence on decision makers for all products.

Resurrected business with law firm that had stopped using Kelly Law Registry which resulted in $310,000 revenue.
Procured 52 orders for direct hire legal positions and 56 orders for temporary legal positions.
Prospected and secured orders from 22 new clients.
Successfully negotiated contracts with major law firms.
Completed Richardson training in consultative selling techniques.


1/2010-2/2011		Law Offices of Charles A. Davis
Law Clerk
Perform Legal Research. Attend depositions.

2008-10/2009		US Legal Support
Account Executive
Sold court reporting and record retrieval services to the legal community in the San Francisco/Bay Area including Am Law 200 firms. Prospected for new business and expanded revenue with existing accounts. Presented seminars on legal technology. Performed online product demonstrations. Developed and implemented program for San Francisco Trial Lawyers Association. Attended Bar Associations events and tradeshows. Developed sales forecasts and entered sales activities in CRM.
.
First year in territory achieved 194% of year to date 2009 (January through August) record retrieval sales quota. Number 1 sales rep in the country.
First year in territory achieved 100% ($506,000) of year to date 2009 (January through August) court reporting sales quota.
Increased second quarter 2009 revenue 442% with Am Law 200 firm.
Presented Continuing Legal Education seminar to Am Law 200 firm.


2004-2008		FindLaw/Thomson Reuters
Senior Sales Consultant
Marketed and sold online advertising products to law firms in the San Francisco/Bay Area and Orange County, California. Increased revenue by prospecting for new clients and identifying growth opportunities with existing clients. Managed entire sales cycle including performing needs/solutions analysis, developing and presenting detailed internet marketing strategies, closing deals, working with 
internal team to implement strategies, and providing follow up customer service. Performed online product demonstrations, gave presentations at bar associations, and attended tradeshows. 

Achieved 127% of 2007 annual sales quota.
Achieved 134% of 2006 annual sales quota.
Achieved Presidents Club.
Member of Sales Advisory Board.
Achieved Million Dollar Club.
Speaker at Orange County Trial Lawyers Association on Internet Marketing for Attorneys.

2002-2004		Consortium for Children
Intake Coordinator
Promoted mediation services for children to social workers and attorneys. Interviewed social workers for case data and managed case files. Assigned mediators to cases.

2000-2002		City Spirit Publications
Sales Representative
Sold print advertising for a directory of holistic products and services. Responsible for prospecting for new clients and renewing existing clients. Worked with clients and graphic designers to develop effective ads. Achieved sales quotas.
Achieved 140% of sales quota for 4th Quarter 2001 (after 9/11) in New York City territory.

1995-2000		Mass-Tel Communications
Sales Representative
Sold services to analyze telecommunication bills and reduce costs for businesses. Prospected for new clients. Negotiated with telecommunications carriers to achieve substantial savings for clients. Presented complex contracts to clients and closed deals with decision makers.

1991-1994		Golden Gate University
Law Student 

1992-1994		
Law Clerk
Summer positions held while attending law school: Law Clerk for Weinberg &amp; Wilder, Judicial Extern for The Alameda Superior Court, and Law Clerk for the San Francisco Public Defenders Office.

1980-1991		The Pfaltzgraff  Company
Sales Manager										1989-1991
West Coast sales manager for nation's largest manufacturer of dinnerware. Supervised eight sales reps and managed five million dollar region. Created sales plans for sales reps. Budgeted and controlled advertising dollars and general expenses. Negotiated contracts with senior management at major department stores. Achieved revenue goals.

Sales Representative									1980-1989
Marketed and sold extensive product line to major department stores.
Increased sales with major department stores 300% first year in territory.
Analyzed need for West Coast specific product and helped develop new product which increased sales $500,000 in one year.
Developed new account which resulted in sales of $750,000 in one year.
Created marketing concept which became a nationwide prototype and resulted in sales increase of 2 million dollars.










EDUCATION
Mediation Certificate
J.D., Golden Gate University School of Law, San Francisco, California
B.A., English, New York University, New York, New York  



  
    ads
    advertising
  
  
    attorney
  
  
    closing
  
  
    concept
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    graphic
  
  
    Internet Marketing
    internet marketing
  
  
    Law
    law
    Legal
    legal
  
  
    Legal Research
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    mediation
  
  
    Office
  
  
    presenting
    presentations
  
  
    print advertising
  
  
    Speaker
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    sales manager
  
  
    San
  
  
    seminars
  
  
    telecommunications
    telecommunication
  
  
    phone
  


