
4366 Eaglet Rd.
Pt. Charlotte, Fl. 33980 Phone 941-268-5149
e-mail robert09brown09@yahoo.com 
Robert Brown
  
Experience P.G.I. SECTION 22
(Burnt Store Marina)  Punta Gorda, Fl.


History:

Completed first week of required training, then required firearms training course for G
license. Assigned Village Walk as site supervisor. Responsible for resident access forms,
computer updates, resident request. In charge of assigned personnel to gate ( 24 hour
post) and patrol unit assigned to community. 
Transferred to Edgewater village in Lakewood Ranch  manned 24 hour post (paper only, no
computer), during this time, I also trained for the Lakewood Ranch Armed Patrol with spot
specific check points. 
I have been trained for Port Security with MTSA Guidelines for Port Manatee, F.P. &amp; L.
Post.  Accepted post as site supervisor Laurel Oak subdivision, completed A.E.D./CPR
training as required and management training at Palm Beach Garden. 
  Removed from Laurel Oak position, client?s request and assigned to Sawgrass Community.
I have also had training for duties with Bank of America, Royal Canadian Bank, and several
other areas (Winn-Dixie, Sweet Bay, as armed guard), Skyway Bridge rest area, south side,
etc.
Assigned to Heritage Oaks July 1, 2010, at request of G4S, where responsibilities also
include scheduling ( manned 24 hour post), verification of reports, time sheets, access to
community ect. Became familiar with TMI gate access computer system.
  Re-assigned to P.G.I. SECT. 22 for transfer and reduced in rank at my request. Felt
that to be more effective and broaden my training in other areas this was the best move
for me to remain viable to the Company.
 Other training includes computer usage, ADDI, Software by Southworth, G4S, and TMI
systems for gate access to the communities assigned.I have also taken numerous courses on
line with the my training G4S.




05-03 to 7-04   Racetrac Corporation
Night Manager

Worked at Jacaranda &amp; US41 location

Responsibilities included re-stocking merchandise, customer service, input of invoices
into computer formats, scheduling updates to computer, gasoline invoices, and other paper
work required by company. Worked at various locations in Sarasota and Charlotte Counties
and various shifts. Each shift involved had various duties and responsibilities.
Presentation and appearance of the store was a must for customer satisfaction with the
primary responsibility taken by the Night Manager.



07-2000 to 05-03  JFK Family Cleaning Service
Family ran commercial cleaning business.

Retired from Animal Control to help daughter and son-in-law run commercial and
residential cleaning business. Operation failed due to marital difficulties with family.
05-1990 to 07-2000   Board of Charlotte County Commissioners
Charlotte County Animal Control Supervisor/Assistant Director

Hired with Animal Control, after retiring from Charlotte County Sheriff?s Office.  
Primary responsibilities included, but not limited to, scheduling, budget preparation,
hiring, disciplinary action, impoundment of all types of animals, reptiles, and wild life,
Enforcement of County Ordinance and State Law, court appearances, citation issuance for
infractions caused by owned animals. Also responsible for liason with other law
enforcement agencies, State Attorney Office, and the Courts so that we were able to work
as a team.

05 ? 1975 to 05-1990  Charlotte County Sheriff?s Office
Deputy First Class

Assigned to Traffic Division
Appointed to the corrections division May, 1975, completed 180 hour training requirement
by State of Florida.
During my 10 year stay with this division, was promoted to the rank of corporal shift
supervisor, responsible for 4 man team who had the responsibilities of 40 to 80 inmates,
convicted and ones pending trial, along with housed State prisoners. Responsible for
scheduling, canteen, training requirements for officers, inmates transported to court
hearings, medical appointments, etc.
      Also during this time I attended numerous 40, 80, 160 hour training courses to keep
updated as to requirements for the position with this department. 
Transferred to Road Division after completion of the 360 hour State mandated
certification. Responsible for answering request for service from the citizens of
Charlotte County. Completion of assignments, traffic enforcement, initial contacts
involving burglary, domestic disputes, fraud, etc.
  Requested transfer to Traffic Division, specializing in traffic enforcement, radar,
crash investigation, etc.  Attended numerous courses along with motorcycle usage, radar
usage, and becoming an instructor in several courses.
 While with the traffic division, there were two highlights to my service, I apprehended
a suspect who had just emptied a 410 shotgun into a supervisor at a bowling alley, and
later I was able to close out a hit and run fatality by locating the suspect and having
him admit to the crime.

 
Education Available upon request
 
References Available upon request  
  
  



  
    Attorney
  
  
    budget preparation
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    client
  
  
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    forms
  
  
    hiring
  
  
    instructor
  
  
    law
enforcement
  
  
    Law
    law
  
  
    management training
  
  
    access
  
  
    Office
  
  
    radar
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    supervisor
  


