
Mrs. Kenji J. Thrash-Correia
104 Winnifred Road: Brockton MA 02301: Phone 617.512.9935: Home 508.584.2410
  

Career Summary:
 A skilled and qualified contract administrator with five years of experience in the mentioned field. Detailed-oriented individual with extensive experience in contract negotiating, renewals and drafting contract amendments. Manage contracts in commercial construction industry, computer software, and medical device equipment industry. Strong customer service experience, billing and account management experience. Able to manage multiple tasks and to balance the needs of the organization effectively. Expert in preparing and maintaining reports and records along with the ability to work seamlessly with other departments. Recognized as an excellent team player and a skilled self-starter with excellent written and verbal communication skills. 

Key Accomplishment:
Advent Software Employee Recognition Award- February 2011 
Responsible for managing, negotiating, executing the renewals re-contracting project for over 500 clients. The one year project that I was able to complete in nine months time produced, stabilized and increase revenue in a tough economy and minimalized loss to the organization. 
  
Education: 
Project Management Fundamentals Certificate June, 2011- Stanford University, San Francisco, CA 
Graduate Certificate in Research Grants Administration September, 2010-Emmanuel College, Boston MA Courses-Financial Accounting for Sponsored Programs (RAC 9012 ) Compliance, Regulatory Environments and Legal (RAC 9016 ) 
Financial Management for Sponsored Programs (RAC 9018) Contracts (RAC 9020) 
Master's Degree in Higher Education Administration May, 2009 -Northeastern University, Boston 
Bachelor of Science in Public Affairs and Pre-Law, August, 2007-Northeastern University, Boston, MA, 
  
Employment History:
Accounting/Finance Experience: 
Boston Trust, Banking Operations Associate, Boston MA, 2006-2007 

Edwards Wildman Palmer LLP, Trust Administrator, Boston MA, 2004-2006 

HealthWorks Fitness Centers, Billing Assistant / Accounts Receivable, Boston MA, 2000-2004 
  
Professional Experience: 
Legal/Contract Administration Experience: 
  
(Contracts Analyst in the North American Customer Support &amp; Services Department at HAEMONETICS Corporation The Blood 
Management Company. Braintree, MA July, 2011 - December, 2011 
Manages and coordinates the generation of customer agreements including pertinent customer attributes and terms, price administration and maintenance. Provides regular visibility to key contract process indicators: pending agreements, agreements out for signature, expiring agreements. Reviews and analyzes agreement terms and activates blanket sales agreements and pricing in Oracle contracts module. Accountable for contract cycle time metrics. Administers customer agreements with device serial number, BSA number and customer number information; tracing and tracking opened, closed or void blanket sales agreements or quotes.
Maintains process for communicating key status of contracts: pending agreements, expiring agreements, and agreements out for signature. Ensure price administration is compliant with Haemonetics 404 documentation and recommend changes as necessary.
Supports and work closely with Sales Support Specialists and Legal in contract renewal process. Generate reports and documents as needed for process metrics, trending and compliance analysis and process rental agreements. 
 
Contract Renewal Specialist in the Advent Corporate Actions Department at Advent Software, Boston, MA June, 2007 - July, 2011  
Provided key contributions to add revenue from Advent Corporate Actions and Hub Market Data direct customers, partners and distributors to plan for their renewal of their ACA and HMD licenses; provide renewal quotes; manage the renewals to completion prior to the expiration of the customers' existing license; and process the renewal in Salesforce.com. Concentrated on and spoke with the most high-value customers to ensure their satisfaction and willingness to renew, and identify, address or escalate their key concerns to ACA Support team and management resulting in high retention of these very profitable clients. Maintained high revenue and customer retention rates, exceeding many goals. Generated client invoicing in Oracle, process collections payments, client follow ups in timely, accurate manner. Tracking sales activities, customer data and customers' status within internal systems in SalesForce.com
Providing formal quote(s) for software maintenance renewals, cross-sell opportunities and/or upgrades

Computer Knowledge: 
CRM's Software- Salesforce &amp; Onyx. Oracle E-Business Suite, Oracle Order Mgmt &amp; Contract Mgmt. Accounting Software-SEI Trust 3000, SunGard Trust. Reporting Software: Keyflow, Cognos/Decision Point, Hyperion/OBIEE Reports, Crystal Reports, Bloomberg, SMARTI, Job Costing/BBI, Job Design, WIP, ACE, ODS Reporting, WebEx, Versatile Zazio, Manager Link, and Evergreen. Operating System: Windows XP &amp; Windows Vista, Desktop Applications: Microsoft Office 2007, word, Excel V-lookups &amp; sorting, outlook calendar email management, PowerPoint. 

Awards: 
Sigma Epsilon Rho outstanding academic achievement award- August 2009 Northeastern University-Sigma Epsilon Rho Honor Society, Graduating from Graduate School I was honoured with outstanding academic achievement award























  
    ACA
  
  
    Accounting Software
  
  
    Bloomberg
  
  
    bonds
  
  
    Cognos
  
  
    com
  
  
    Computer Knowledge
  
  
    contract administration
    Contracts
    contracts
  
  
    CRM
  
  
    Crystal Reports
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    E-Business
  
  
    email
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Financial Accounting
  
  
    Financial Management
  
  
    Grants
  
  
    Hub
  
  
    Hyperion
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Job Costing
  
  
    Legal
  
  
    MA
  
  
    Mgmt
  
  
    Market
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Excel V
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    word
  
  
    negotiation
    negotiations
  
  
    ODS
  
  
    Onyx
  
  
    Operating System
  
  
    Oracle
  
  
    policies
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    Research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    Sales Support
  
  
    upgrades
  
  
    Vista
  


