
Connie H. Bovingdon
1633 Magnolia Street
Slidell, LA 7046
985-264-9412 (Cell - Best Contact) 
Connie200186@yahoo.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated, responsible, hardworking, honest and multi-talented person recognized for
ability to manage, coordinate data and projects.  Acknowledge as a team player with skills
in organizing and coordinating information including an effective communicator who
contributes to organizations' success.  Key strengths are:

 *Customer Service			*Administrative Project Management
 * Managing Data			* Reporting
	        * Problem Solving			* Documentation Quality Control
                * Various Software Knowledge     *Expense Reporting
                * Inventory Control			* Organizational Skills	
		 * Housekeeping			* Management of Maintenance	  

I have over 20 years experience in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access and
knowledge of other software along with the ability to travel when necessary. I have over
three years in cleaning and overseeing the maintenance of apartments in an apartment
complex setting.

EDUCATION:

Attending Delgado Community College, working towards a double degree in Business
Management with
Human Resources/Leadership Concentration and a Business Administration Degree, Slidell,
LA 
Attended Southeastern Louisiana University, Hammond, LA

PSN Worldwide	2010-10/2010	
Field Strike Team/Critical Resource Team/Demobilization Team
Traveled a three state area locating and inventorying equipment and preparing daily
reports for management reporting.
     1.  Inventoried heavy and small equipment. 		
     2.  Placed Radio Frequency Identification Devices (RFID) all equipment and tracking
all pertinent 
         information in reference to the equipment.
     3.  Placed Global Positioning System (GPS) on vessels, skimmers, heavy and large
equipment.
     4.  Knowledge of the Geoforce system and software.
     5.  Built relationship with staging managers, leads, managers and owners of various
companies.
     6.  Built relationship with team members and other employees in the field.
     7.  Daily site visits.
     8.  Learning and following of all safety regulations and rules.
     9.  Demobilization of personnel and equipment.	
   10.  All Terrain Vehicle (ATV) Safety Training
    11.  Decontamination Training.

MANTECH	2009-2010
HR Technician Assistant-Contract Assignment
Provide Human Resource support to staff at Navy Human Resource Shared Center at Stennis
Space Center in Mississippi using software programs such as Accu-Tracs, Impromtu, DCPDS
and CSU.
Pulled Official Personnel Folders for staff at Human Resource Shared Center.
Federal Express Official Personnel Folders to Benefits Center
Work Records Branch E-Mail
Answering phone, e-mail, staff and investigators
Inputting New Hires
Ordering, receiving and combing Prior Service Records
Tracking the ordering and combing of Prior Service Records
Special Projects
Tagging in and filing away Official Personnel Records
SF-50 and SF-75
Mail

FANNIE MAE                                                                   2007-2009   
                                                                                          
                                     
Administrative Assistant
Provide administrative support for Director of the Gulf Coast Disaster Team in addition
to supporting three Senior Business Developers and Senior Disaster Manager located in
several states.
Helped support the Investment of $40 Billion in the Gulf Coast 
Developed and Maintained Disaster Emergency Personnel Contact Database
3.   Oversaw 2008 Grants, 2007 Grants Monitoring Program and Donations to Charities
4.   Managed Team Expense Budget and Accounts Payable for the Office
5.   Coordinated Executive's Tour in multiply disaster locations. 
6.   Tracking of personnel in the Gulf Coast Region in Hurricane Disaster affected areas
7.   Tracked occupied Real Estate Owned properties   
8.   Coordinated volunteer efforts in the Gulf Coast Region
9.   Lead the effort of coordination of a Public Entities between five Administrative
Assistants

FLUOR GOVERNMENT GROUP/TEMP/DISASTER RELIEF WORK	   	2005 - 2007
Community Liaison/Quality Control/Applicant Resolution Specialist/ Various Temp/Disaster
Relief Projects
Expanded my knowledge, skills and making a difference in the recovery effort while
working on the various Temp/Disaster Relief Projects in Hurricane Katrina affected area.
Provided quality control for Disaster Recovery Team work with Katrina IAP Project.
Disbursing information on Hazard Mitigation Grants to Road Home Grant Applicants
Making determinations, processing Road Home Grants and Grant Resolutions 
3.   Hurricane Katrina and Rita Insurance Resolutions
4.   Processing Invoices, Backend Matching, Scanning Storm Documents, Mail and File Room
5.   Administrative Assistant Duties
6.   Processed Daily and Weekly Reports 
    7.   Provided information processing, tracking, coordination, quality control in
emergency housing efforts, 
     and maintaining record integrity.
8.  Resolved customer problems, including special needs issues.
9.  Tracked and expedited housing status reports in response to Congressional interest
inquiries.
10. Provided daily status reports for Project manager of emergency housing efforts.

JHT MULTIMEDIA/NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT, NEW ORLEANS, LA        2001 - 2005
Executive Administrative Assistant/Military Processor
Provided administrative support for Commanding/Executive/CMC Officers following all
military procedural guidelines.
	1.  Made travel arrangements, maintained daily calendar, correspondence and files for
inspection.
	2.	Developed tracking system for managing incoming and outgoing correspondence for 
        Commanding/Executive/CMC Officers
	3.  Revitalized the Command Sponsor Program, working with outside agency and researching
        information using the Internet.
	4.  Brought the Defense messaging System Computer online and provided technical support
with the 
        guidance of the Systems Administrative Department.
	5.  Assisted in preparation of awards, Change of Command Ceremonies and Annual
Conferences.
	6.  Monitored timesheets for civilian contractors and help resolve minor employment
issues.
	7.  Assisted Navy recruits through recruitment process.

STANLEY ELECTRONICS SECURITY, SLIDELL, LA                                 1999 - 2001
Sales Secretary
Provided administrative support for security office, including typing quotes, proposals
and correspondence. Handled accounts payable and invoicing for all accounts.
Complete job cost analysis for commercial jobs.
Monitored collections and tracking of payments for residential and commercial accounts.
	3.  Programmed alarms

LOUISIANA THEPARY SERVICES, SLIDELL, LA                                  1995 - 1999     
                                   
Receptionist/Secretary/Durable Medical Equipment Biller
Managed special projects and cost reporting, including billing all phases of service.
Tracked all Medicare and Medicaid payments for Durable Medical Equipment.
Billed over $70,000 in Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurance at one time to decrease
backlog
	3.  Met State guidelines in the billing process for Medicare, Medicaid and Private
Insurance 
	4.  Secondary insurance billing for Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance companies
for
        Home Health visits.
	5.  Special Projects and Cost reporting.

F. A. RICHARD &amp; ASSOCIATE, MANDEVILLE, LA					   1994 - 1995
Human Resource Assistant
Handled all aspects of the Human Resource Department.
	1. Processed Human Resource Applications
	2. Setup and conducted interviews for the Human Resource Department
	3. Tracked employees salaries; reviews and salary increases
	4. Supervised employee's eligibility for health benefits and 401K.
	5. Setup adjuster classes, did offer letters and setup and interviewed clerical staff.
	6. Payroll on ADP system and reports.
	7. Handled termination letters and files.
	8. Ordered supplies for the Human Resource Department 
    9. Maintained Dept when manager was unavailable.
    9. Coordinated paperwork, drug screens, handled problems and assisted all of the
Mangers in the 
      different regions and states.










ACHIEVEMENTS/AWARDS

FEMA Badge
FEMA CERTIFICATES
Introduction to Hazard Mitigation
A Citizen's Guide to Disaster Assistance
An In-dept Guide to Citizen Preparedness
Emergency Program Manager - An Orientation to the Position
Retrofitting Flood Prone Residential Structures
State Disaster Management
Effective Communication
Exercise Design
Leadership and Influence
Decision Making and Problem Solving




OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS/AWARDS
Civilian Contractor of the Year 2003
3 Top Dog Awards and 8 Gold Wreath Awards
Production bonus for bringing the Defense Messaging System (DMS) Computer online
Production Bonuses












  
    accounts payable
    Accounts Payable
  
  
    Administrative
  
  
    Administrative Assistant
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    ADP
  
  
    agency
  
  
    Benefits
    benefits
  
  
    billing
  
  
    Budget
  
  
    cash flow
  
  
    clerical
  
  
    Conferences
  
  
    cost analysis
  
  
    CSU
  
  
    Database
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    E-Mail
    e-mail
  
  
    filing
  
  
    Finance
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    Grants
  
  
    Human Resource
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    letters
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    management reporting
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    messaging
  
  
    Mail
  
  
    Office
    office
  
  
    Navy
  
  
    Payroll
  
  
    Personnel
    personnel
  
  
    Positioning
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    quality control
  
  
    Express
  
  
    Radio
  
  
    Real Estate
  
  
    receiving
  
  
    recruitment
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    researching
  
  
    Safety
    safety
  
  
    Scanning
  
  
    Team work
  
  
    technical support
  
  
    phone
  
  
    travel arrangements
  
  
    typing
  


