
                     RM. CHIDAMBARAM					No : 8, Mullai Street, Saligramam,
Chennai 93, Tamil Nadu
Mobile No : 001-8189122205
E-Mail: chilambu.ramanathan@gmail.com 

Objective
To obtain a responsible and challenging position as a Software Developer in a company where my work experience will have utilization of my opportunity for advancement.

Summary
                     
Five years of experience in Information Technology, Working at Client premises in US for nearly 2 years 
Nearly 5 years of Experience in Docucorp 10.1,11.2 &amp; 11.5, Transall (ETL Tool) &amp; Oracle 9i/10g,PLSQL
Effectively involved in upgrade of docucorp from 10.2 to 11.2 and 11.2 to 11.5
Recognized as a resourceful contributor and acknowledged with increased responsibilities at client place
Greater ability to work and actively involved with Client interaction
Mentoring individuals/team to maximize levels of productivity
Analytical thinker that consistently resolves ongoing issues or defects, often called upon to consult on problems that have eluded resolution by others
Exposed to Annuities Domain and possess excellent knowledge on the same
Actively involved in the development process &amp; Production Support
Completed 'OCA Oracle certification" in Oracel 9i program for Developers Track
Completed " SCJP " A sun certified Java programmer

Work Experience
Jan 2007 to Jan 2010 - Worked as a 'Junior Associate' in 'AIG Systems Solutions' private limited, Chennai (Acquired by MphasiS Private Limited in Oct 2009 )

Academic Credential
B.E (Electronic Comm &amp; Technology), with 70% from Raja Rajeswari Engg College, Anna University   Chennai during 2002 - 2006
Higher Secondary - First class with 94% from Santhome.Hr.Sec.School during 2001-2002
Matriculation - First class with 78% from Rex Matric.Hr.Sec.School during 1999-2000

Technical Expertise
Platforms	Windows (95/98/XP/NT)	

Database	Oracle 9i/10g	

Language	Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, Actuate Basic, Basics in Java, Perl &amp; Windows Scripting language 	

Software/Configuration Tools	Actuate 8/9,Docucorp 10.1,11.2 &amp; 11.5, Transall, Opalis Job scheduler	

Configuration Management Tools	PVCS, Serena Team Tracker	


Professional Experience
Project # 1:
Project Name	:  Navisys - Printing Reports [Onsite]
             Client              	:  AIG Sun America, LOS Angeles, California USA
             Team Size  	:  13 
             Technology	:  Docucorp 11.2, Oracle 9i/10g, PL/SQL
             Duration 	:  Feb 2010 to till date
Location	:  Onsite, California USA

Project Description:

SunAmerica, a member of American International Group, Inc., is a financial services company specializing in Annuities (Retirement savings products). AIG-SA offers various kinds of annuities, guaranteed investment contracts, mutual funds, and financial planning and trust services in the US.AIG Sun America helps more than four million customers achieve their retirement saving goals through its extensive distribution network of independent broker-dealers, national and regional securities firms, banks and insurance agencies. SunAmerica uses Navisys Policy Administration System to maintain contracts right throughout its life cycle. Navisys System comprise of Front Office (Web-Application), Home Office (Business Application Program Interface), Database, Interfaces, Printing and Reporting. Navisys Systems Uses Actuate to Design and Develop Complex Reports that provide sensitive and time critical information to senior management in SunAmerica that helps them in critical decision making. Navisys Reporting Module includes Accounting, Actuarial, Audit, Appless, Policy Owner Ship Services, Payout, New Business and work flow. These reports are housed in Actuate Encyclopedia and can be viewed Online using Actuate I portal.

SunAmerica Migrated the Reporting Application Suite from Actuate 8 to Actuate 9.
.

Job Responsibilities for Development Activities

Design and Development of Actuate Reports using Actuate E Report Designer Professional.
Development of Packages, Stored Procedures and Functions for each of the Reporting Modules.
Actively involved in the design &amp; development process using Docucorp 11.2.
Development of Packages, Stored Procedures and Functions for each of the Printing Modules
Understanding Business Requirements and preparation of SRS for Enhancements
Review of SRS / Impact Analysis, Code and Test Results.
Preparation and Execution of Unit Test Cases for new change requests.
Managing and Creation of Users and Space in Actuate I Server.
End to End Testing, Configuration, and Back-up During Migration from Actuate 8 to 9.
Configuration of Jobs in Opalis Job Scheduler
Preparation of Actuate End User Documents.
Sharing of knowledge &amp; Brain storming sessions with team members.
Preparation of Daily Status Report and thereby provides status on the projects progress to all the relevant stakeholders
Good Exposure in using SQL loader for Data Uploads
Involved in Optimization of Printing and Database Objects
Responsible for solving day-to-day issues faced by the client to their satisfaction
Actively involved in Customer Interaction, gathering information related to Change Request and executing the same
Preparation of System Troubleshoot Report (STR) and perform Causal Analysis Report  (CAR) on the same
Co-ordination for Weekly Status call with offshore Team from onsite perspective
Co-ordination with off-shore QA Team during release.
Deployment  Validation

Job Responsibilities for Maintenance Activities

Daily analysis/track the no of new CRs
Understanding Business Requirements and preparation of SRS for Enhancements
Review of SRS / Impact Analysis, Code and Test Results.
Analysis, Coding, Testing and Implementation of Enhancements raised by the client for SCR (Small Change Request)
Perform Impact Analysis and arrived at the best possible solution/Change description for the newly raised change request 
Preparation and Execution of Unit Test Cases for new change requests.
Sharing of knowledge &amp; Brain storming sessions with team members.
Preparation of Daily Status Report and thereby provides status on the projects progress to all the relevant stakeholders
Co-ordination for Weekly Status call with offshore Team from onsite perspective
Co-ordination with Quality Team during the commencement of release verification for the Change request

Job Responsibilities for Batch Cycle Support Activities

Monitoring of Jobs in Opalis/AutoSys Job Schedulers. 
Co-ordination with Operations/ Data Center during Batch Cycle.
Execution of Batch Files and Monitoring of logs during the Run Process for Each Quarter.
Analysis of Issues Encountered in Nightly Reports Batch Cycle and Provided on spot solutions.
Analysis of Peregrine Tickets raised by Operations.
Member of Disaster Recovery Team.

Project # 2:
	
             Project Name	:  Navisys - Printing Reports [Offshore]
             Client              	:  AIG Sun America, LOS Angeles, California USA
             Team Size  	:  9 
             Technology	:  Docucorp 11.2, Oracle 9i/10g, PL/SQL
             Duration 	:  Jan 2007 to Jan 2010 
	Location 	:  Offshore, Chennai

Project Description:

SunAmerica, a member of American International Group, Inc., is a financial services company specializing in Annuities (Retirement savings products). AIG-SA offers various kinds of annuities, guaranteed investment contracts, mutual funds, and financial planning and trust services in the US.AIG Sun America helps more than four million customers achieve their retirement saving goals through its extensive distribution network of independent broker-dealers, national and regional securities firms, banks and insurance agencies. SunAmerica uses Navisys Policy Administration System to maintain contracts right throughout its life cycle. Navisys System comprise of Front Office (Web-Application), Home Office (Business Application Program Interface), Database, Interfaces, Printing and Reporting. Navisys Systems Uses Actuate to Design and Develop Complex Reports that provide sensitive and time critical information to senior management in SunAmerica that helps them in critical decision making. Navisys Reporting Module includes Accounting, Actuarial, Audit, Appless, Policy Owner Ship Services, Payout, New Business and work flow. These reports are housed in Actuate Encyclopedia and can be viewed Online using Actuate I portal.

SunAmerica Migrated the Reporting Application Suite from Actuate 8 to Actuate 9.

Roles and Responsibilities
 
Actively involved in the development process like Analysis, Design and Coding for Data Extraction Using Transall (ETL)
Responsible for solving day-to-day issues faced by the client to their satisfaction
Provided on call support and coordinated with Onsite team
Coding, Testing and Implementation of Enhancements raised by the client
Actively involved in Customer Interaction, gathering information related to Enhancements and executing the same
Design and Develop images and Forms in Docucorp to Support the Requirements
Understanding Business Requirements and preparation of SRS for Enhancement
Co-ordination for Weekly Status call with Onsite Team from Off-Shore perspective
Co-ordination with Quality Team during the commencement of release verification for the Change request
Organized and well-structured at work and compatible team player

Achievements   
Received 'Certificate of Excellence' and ''Star of the Month' for significant contribution to AIG Retirement Services Project 

Received appreciation from direct Client 

Won Management 'Scholarship &amp; awards' during Matric &amp; Higher Secondary for maintaining consistent academic performance, attendance and discipline  

Scored Centum in Physics, Chemistry in Higher secondary examination


Personal Details
Father's Name		:     Mr. Ramanathan 
D.O.B		:     22nd April 1984
Gender			:     Male
Nationality		:     Indian 
Marital Status               :     Single
Languages Known	:     English, Tamil 
Passport Number         :     F9485398
Permanent Address     :     # 8, Mullai Street, Saligramam - 600093, TamilNadu, India           
                                         
Date :    01/20/2012								Yours Truly,
Place:	Chennai							      R.M. Chidambaram












  
    Accounting
  
  
    Actuate 8
    Actuate 9
    Actuate I
    Actuate
  
  
    Application Program Interface
  
  
    Back-up
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    Configuration Management
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    client
  
  
    Database
  
  
    decision making
  
  
    Delivery
  
  
    Disaster Recovery
  
  
    Engineer
  
  
    ETL
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    financial
  
  
    financial planning
  
  
    Front Office
  
  
    funds
  
  
    Home Office
  
  
    Hr
  
  
    insurance
  
  
    Java
  
  
    Managing
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows (95
  
  
    98
  
  
    NT
  
  
    Migration
  
  
    network
  
  
    Oct
  
  
    Optimization
  
  
    Oracle 9
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle SQL
  
  
    Peregrine
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    Coding
  
  
    progress
  
  
    PVCS
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    Reporting
  
  
    securities
  
  
    Scripting
  
  
    SQL loader
  
  
    Sun
  
  
    Troubleshoot
  
  
    Validation
  


