
              Michael Wischnia
,50 Woodside Road Unit 7 * Ardmore PA. 19003 *H 484-412-8243 C 610-246-8219 * mwok723@aol.com

PROFILE
Sales Professional with 15+ years of business to business success selling sophisticated technology products to businesses of all sizes including both local and national accounts. Proactive prospector and account builder that excels in developing trusted partnerships and building relationships resulting in new, repeating, and add on sales. Experienced mentor for new sales staff. Markets penetrated include healthcare, financial, educational, pharmaceutical, industrial, governmental and insurance industry verticals. Core competencies include Sandler Sales Training, excellent computer skills, and active PA. Health Insurance License.
EXPERIENCE
Senior Account Manager                              Consultedge  Whippany, NJ        September 2008  to April 2009
Sold entire line of Avaya Phone Systems, Software and Data Applications integrated with Network Services in the Philadelphia Metro area without the benefit of local support. Entirely focused on New Business Development and building up a Philadelphia Metro area customer base for a NJ company. Developed software, hardware and data applications in an intense competitive environment through networking and prospecting. Utilized presentations, Webinars and SMEs when applicable.

Senior Account Manager                              Phonextra  Fairfield, NJ              January 2004 to September 2008	
Planned, developed and executed strategy to increase Voice/Data Telecommunication Sales in the Philadelphia area for a NJ based company from a home office with minimal supervision. Self generated and sold the largest maintenance contract in the history of Phonextra. Developed profitable relationships with multi-location national accounts selling the entire line of Avaya Communications hardware and software. Three year Sales Leadership Club Winner.

Territory Account Manager      AT&amp;T, Lucent Technologies, Expanets, Avaya             June 1988 to January 2004
Successfully grew and managed Philadelphia and Suburban territories for Telecommunications sales and services. Called on to develop unproductive territories and was able to maintain high performance standards through multiple acquisitions and changes in leadership and compensation plans. Multiple Millionaire's Club and Super Achiever and Eight time Achiever's Club Winner. Mentored new sales associates and maintained expertise on competitive products.

Additional Experience:  Business Owner, Management Consulting Research, Health Insurance Brokerage Sales
EDUCATION
Temple University        MBA  Finance
Ohio University           BSJ    Advertising Journalism         Full Academic Scholarship



	page 2






  
    acquisitions
  
  
    Avaya
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    home office
  
  
    Insurance
  
  
    Leadership
    leadership
  
  
    lighting
  
  
    Management Consulting
  
  
    Network
    networking
  
  
    New Business Development
  
  
    Phone Systems
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    Research
  
  
    selling
    Sales
    sales
  
  
    sales support
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    Telecommunication
    Telecommunications
  


