
HETAN SHAH
1237 W Washington Ave, #1, Sunnyvale, CA 94087	*hetanjob@yahoo.com*   		408 420 0512
Summary:
Extensive experience in Software System Analysis and Design (SSAD), Prototyping, Development, Testing, Documentation.
Enterprise-class Java applications Salesforce, Java/J2EE, XML, Struts, SOAP, Web Services, JavaScript 
Middleware and backend access (Business Works, Enterprise Service Bus, iProcess, JDBC, interfaces)
Working at Shopping.com as Team Lead.
Worked at Pacific Biosciences as Sr. Web Developer / Team Lead.
Worked at TIBCO Software as Team Lead, working on migrating existing intranet infrastructure from windows to Linux, documenting internal process. Migrated from Portal builder 4.3 to 5.2.
Worked as Portal Site Administrator at Genentech, worked on migrating Genentech's intranet portal to Vignette Portal Server 7.2
Worked as Software Engineer at Sun Microsystems. Worked on the Partner Engagement System (PES). Work on the advance search module for searching the directory and catalog for the products, vendors and the solutions provided by the vendors using Lucene Search Engine.
Worked as Portal Specialist at Hewlett Packard. Working on implementing partner portal using Vignette Portal Server version 7.2.
Worked on Vignette and Plumtree Portal servers at Intuit with Apache Tomcat and Weblogic servers for implementing next generation intranet by collaborating internal sites in one central intranet portal for improved user experience.
Worked as User Interface engineer at Hewlett Packard. Implemented user interface for web services monitoring platform using Servlets, JSP and Java.
Worked as Senior Portal Engineer at Workscape Inc. Scotts Valley, implementing corporate Human Resources portal solutions for General Motors and Daimler Chrysler.
Worked as Software Engineer at Lutris Technologies, Santa Cruz. Developed various e-commerce applications individually as well as in a team using Enhydra Application Server and Java.
Worked as a Software Engineer Intern at IBM, San Jose.  

Education:
Master of Science in Computer Science, California State University Chico.
Advance Computing Diploma, Boston's Institute of Management.
Bachelor's Degree, Bombay University, Bombay

WORK EXPERIENCE
Pacific Biosciences Inc, CA							          03/2010 - 02/2011
Web Developer II - Team Lead
Part of core team that successfully implemented Developers Network using Salesforce Sites technology. Developers Network is accessed by developers across the globe in life sciences industry. Integrated registration via Pardot and secure data download for registered members. Implemented google analytics to track page visits and generate reports. 
Work closely with marketing to implement new changes/enhancements to corporate website.
Part of four member team that successfully developed and released on time Pacific Biosciences' public website on Drupal CMS. Corporate website was integrated with Taleo for open job postings and user registration using Pardot. 
Part of five member team that successfully implemented Salesforce Customer Portal solution for PacBio's Limited Partner Release (LPR) and continue to work on the Full Commercial Release (FCR) customer portal enhancements.
Work as point person for Salesforce modules configuration, enhancements and maintenance and also for hosting PacBio's corporate website, PacBio's Developers Network and ongoing newsletters.
Customized look and feel of Salesforce DevNet Site to match approved Pacbio look and feel. 
Developed various pages within Salesforce to become part of DevNet Site content.
Setup process for content update by content owner via Drupal CMS to be presented on DevNet. 
Enabled login for sites with customer portal and implemented self registration with Pardot integration and Salesforce customer portal.
Wrote Apex classes to use with Visualforce pages for front end interaction with users.
Support various Customer Portal applications for service organization.
Enabled content sharing between Drupal CMS and Salesforce Customer Portal.
Configure user profiles and related Page Layout to present the data to various group of users.
Migrated content from ModX 0.9 to Drupal 6.0 and help content users with migration path.
Generated templates to be used with monthly newsletters.
Installed &amp; configured CMSForce to use with Salesforce Sites, created custom templates and pages.
Environment:  Salesforce, APEX, Visualforce, CMSForce, jQuery, CSS3, HTML, Drupal 6.0, Pardot, Numara Track It, Dreamweaver, Fireworks and Photoshop.

*TIBCO Software, Palo Alto, CA*    					 	         05/2007 - 10/2009
Web Developer II - Team Lead
Architected Portal upgrades initiative from Portal Builder 4.3 to 5.2. Guide internal customer groups in the definition of content and functionality to support their business processes.  Gather and analyze usage data, identify and usage patterns and areas for improvement.  Maintain existing portal architecture.  Contribute to documentation of internal business processes and policies. Help developers with new portal pages, sites for internal TIBCO users. Participate in developing training site for TIBCO TEN (TIBCO Education Network). Designed and developed Log &amp; Exception handling framework using modular design approach. Spring framework was utilized for implementing backend data store access. API was provided to developers to offload Log/Exception handling capabilities from their code. Work with development team to assign and integrate various modules of Log &amp; Exception Framework with Enterprise Message Bus. Lead development of Enterprise Monitoring System which was responsible for monitoring systems and applications using TIBCO Tools. Vital server specific data was gathered such as CPU temperature, Fan Speed, Memory consumption and availability using business works with SQL Server and SIW tool. TIBCO HAWK was used to query machine level details. TIBCO EMS was used for sending data from infrastructure layer to database.
Developed web-services using Business Works for reporting real time status of components and servers.
Develop framework using Java, JSP, EMS (implementation of JMS), Business Works, Administrator, SQL Server for various functional groups within TIBCO to publish content on Intranet.
Streamlining process for content contributor to publish their data.
Design new look and feel for the ITIL site within TIBCO's intranet using JSP, CSS, HTML. 
Work with support group to incorporate intranet portal migration initiative using Portal Builder, Linux, SAN and SQL Server. 
Work on TIBCO's education site to enable credit card processing and other payment options using Java, JSP, CSS, Eclipse.
Used Hibernate like tools for data modeling.
Work on creating web services using Business Works to provide data to education site for credit card processing.
Environment:  Java 1.5, JSP, JavaScript, Apache Tomcat, Portal Builder 4.3/5.2, Business Works, EMS, iProcess Studio, BMC, Bridge Track, MSSQL Server.

Infovista Technologies									       05/04 - 05/07
Genentech, South San Francisco, CA*      						      06/05 - 05/07
Commercial Portal and Security
Senior Portal Consultant (Contractor)
Contribute to the development, implementation and support of an existing intranet portal that provides sales, marketing and financial data, as well as other tools and information, to Genentech's Commercial organization.  Build mock up sites for getting approval from business owners. Development of new portal content in problem analysis, requirements gathering, project definition, documentation and implementation. Guide internal customer groups in the definition of content and functionality to support their business processes.  Gather and analyze usage data, identify and document usage patterns, adoption rates and areas for improvement.  Maintain existing portal content.  Provide administrative and technical support.  Contribute to documentation of internal business processes. Maintain training materials capturing ongoing modifications to the portal. 
Created new pages/ portlets for new various groups and brands on Vignette Portal Server.
Worked on changing structure of the pages based on business requirements using JSP and Vignette Portal Builder API.
Generated test scripts for use by QA team to test new changes before going live.
Worked with the Product Brands to identify product specifications and create requirements.
Developed Incentive compensation reports structure, secured by the roles and hierarchy on Vignette Portal Server using Java, JSP and Oracle.
Developed Commercial Access Manager using Vignette Application Builder.
Developed executive dashboard for Drug brands for sales relater data reporting on Vignette Portal Builder. 
Worked with engineering and reporting teams to ensure their components are integrated successfully. 
Worked with service desk for ticket triages using Remedy AR and resolve day to day issues.
Environment: Java/J2EE, JDBC, JSP, AJAX, HTML, JavaScript, Perl, Vignette Portal Server 7.2, UML, Remedy AR, Oracle 9i.

Hewlett Packard, Cupertino, CA*								      03/05 - 06/05
Partner facing Web portal System
Sr. Software Engineer (Contractor)
Work effectively with extended team members to coordinate, develop and deliver reliable, high-quality portal content, functionality and user experience to the internal customers.  Contribute to usability/user experience analysis.
Installed and configured Vignette Portal server, Weblogic Application Server and Apache Tomcat server using Oracle 9i database.
Implemented Vignette Application Portal for replacing the legacy PWeb portal for partners.
Evaluated and implemented the complex audiencing rules for content selection based on the authorization available to the users using Vignette Story Publisher Portlet.
Developed the grid for Hewlett Packard's look and feel and deploy it on the Vignette Portal Server for partner experience using struts framework.
Developed user properties module to enable the custom user properties available in the Siebel Data Store.
Participated in weekly client meetings to understand and provide feedback for the requirements.
Gave presentations to the client on the proposed architecture of the new system.
Deployed existing pages from the partner portal in the new portal instance and configured with new look and feel.
Environment: Java/J2EE, JSP, Apache Tomcat, HTML, JavaScript, Windows 2003 Server, Microsoft Excel, Power Point, BEA Weblogic Server 8.1, BEA Weblogic Portal Server
 
Sun Microsystems, Menlo Park, CA       						      04/04 - 03/05
Partner Engagement System Search Integration
Sr. Software Engineer (Contractor)
Integrate Search solution with the existing Partner Engagement System (PES). Work with cross functional team developing other modules for the PES system. Support development of new portal content in problem analysis, requirements gathering, project definition, documentation, implementation.  Guide internal customer groups in definition of content and functionality to support their business processes, in order to make it easily searchable. 
Implemented Advance Search for products and vendors using Lucene Search Engine and JSPs.
Worked with project managers on an ongoing basis to work with changing business requirements and successfully incorporate them in solution.
Worked on integrating and merging data from various schemas to create a master schema to perform various searches e.g. Boolean, keywords (text), fuzzy logic, phrase searches.
Worked on automating data extraction and file creation using PERL and Oracle backend for indexing purposes.
Automated the index creation on the extracted data and automate the data migration to various environments from the development environment using UNIX shell scripts.
Worked on implementing search for the bug resolution system, where user can search for the resolution details for any bug based on the key words.
Participated in weekly requirements meetings to evaluate requirements and create requirements documents.
Work on Sun Access Manager and Directory server for users content authorization against ACIs.
Evaluated the SunONE portal for implementing the desktop for the partner experience based on their profile.
Environment: Java, JSP, Tomcat 4.2, Perl, JavaScript, CVS, SunONE servers, Solaris, Windows 2000.

Hewlett Packard, Cupertino, CA*      							      11/03 - 02/04
Web Developer (Contractor)
Installed and maintained Apache web-server and Apache tomcat server for development team
Installed IIS web server and maintained virtual directories and content within them
Automated the deployment procedure for code promotion to the staging environment
Assisted peers in installation and troubleshooting of development environment
Worked as UI Engineer for MIP group. Implementing the application using JSP, JavaBeans and XML.
Developed the entity bean for extracting the data from the data store and pass it to the JSP for displaying the results to users.
Worked with product manager to translate functional requirements into demo product and final implementation.
Maintained FTP server for the development group
Applied system patches and upgrades to keep the systems free from knows bugs and issues
Environment: Java, JSP, EJBs, Apache, Tomcat, HTML, JavaScript, Windows 2000/3 Server, WinCVS, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Excel, Power Point, Project
 
Intuit, Mountain View, CA**      								      03/03 - 09/03
Intranet Portal Evaluation and Implementation
Sr. Software Engineer (Contractor)
Build and support user-facing applications to improve the company's internal communications and collaboration. Support existing Corporate Directory application. Support existing Intuit's Intranet infrastructure and publishing tool set. Participate in evaluating new portal technologies for strategic intranet initiatives. Supported content publishing, platform maintenance, daily operations and automation activities of Intuit's intranet. Work with wide range of internal customers to integrate new web content, communications and service into the enterprise portal. Perform ongoing maintenance, configuration and enhancements of Intuit Central systems.
Role: Team Lead
Deploy and maintain portal application for collaborating internal sites in one central intranet place for improved user experience
Install, and support Apache web-servers and BEA Weblogic application servers
Applied Service Packs and Upgrades Server instances for the environment
Handled Performance tuning for environment to enhance performance of BEA Weblogic server
Created security roles for development, testing and production environments using Realms
Handled partial OS system admin tasks for performance/load monitoring
Developed scripts for automatic shutdown, start up of admin server, node manager, and managed servers. Specific to the customer environment
Install and administer Weblogic, Apache and IIS web server for content crawlers and virtual directories on UNIX, and Windows operating systems respectively
Install and maintain Oracle 8i and 9i for schema and data for various servers
Work as junior DBA, setting up databases, creating listeners, loading schema
Environment: UNIX, Linux, BEA Weblogic, Apache, Plumtree portal server, Java, HTML, JavaScript, Oracle, Shell Scripts, Windows 2000, Windows NT
 
Workscape Inc, Scotts Valley, CA*       							       05/01- 02/03
Role: Sr. Software Engineer
Employee.com
Deploy corporate portals developed using iPlanet portal server, J2EE, and Java
Manage 32 instances of portal cluster in round robin configuration for load balancing
Worked on troubleshooting UNIX, iPlanet web server, Sun-ONE directory server
Automated code updates and promotion to 32 instances using Perl and shell scripts
Automated the data fetch and transformation using shell scripts
Manage Sun-ONE directory server's policies, rules, realms, accounts, groups, and ACI
Work with bulk data modification on Sun Directory Server
Work with clients for data mirroring, and keeping data up-to-date from clients Sun Directory Server
Extensive experience using Oracle, PL/SQL, SQL, and UNIX Shell Scripts
Extensive experience on UNIX (Linux, Sun Solaris) operating system
Wrote shell scripts to automate builds for project and tagging content of build
Developed shell scripts and automated using cron scripts for nightly backups of systems
Daimler Chrysler Corporation
Deploy Corporate Portal (Dashboard Anywhere)developed using iPlanet portal server
Integrate the Single Sign On (SSO) feature with the Sun directory server
Implemented role based access spanning from 2 to 21 roles
Support product-specific features as well as integration with other applications.  
Communicate with end-users with strong knowledge about the products and services offered.
Automated the data fetch and transformation using shell scripts
Manage Sun-ONE directory server's policies, rules, realms, accounts, groups, and ACI.
Extensive troubleshooting expertise with UNIX, Sun Directory Server, Web server
Work with clients for data mirroring, and keeping data up-to-date.
General Motors
Deploy Corporate Portal (mySocrates) developed using iPlanet portal server.
Define new technologies and methods to incorporate directory server maintenance and modifications.
Involved in monitoring and improving performance of servers
Automated the data fetch and transformation using shell scripts
Manage Sun-ONE directory server's accounts, groups, and ACI.
Work with clients for data mirroring, and keeping data up-to-date.
Extensive experience in implementation of version control software CVS and responsible for various software release's
Environment: Linux, Solaris, Apache, iPlanet, Java, HTML, Tomcat, JavaScript, Perl, Sun Directory Server, Shell Scripts, BEA Weblogic
 
Lutris Technologies, CA*          *       							       06/99 - 05/01
*Role: Staff Engineer
Client: Employee.com 
Worked on the iPlanet Portal Server to develop the portal product.
Implemented portal to provide different content on users desktop based on domain and role.
Extended base portal capabilities to meet requirements, integrate custom content providers.
Developed the Chat applet using Java 1.1 and client server architecture in Java. Implemented simplified Chat interface where in the user can change the nickname.
Client: Lutris.com
Worked on Lutris.com site to develop the online educational site. Involved in design of Content, Presentation, Business and a part of the database scheme design and also in implementation on Presentation and Business side and wrote few classes for the database access functionality.
Actively involved in the design of the business design and database design of the site
Client: NextOffice.com
Implemented online furniture superstore providing products from various furniture manufacturers.
Worked on e-mail EJB for the client. Order details mailed to client upon order placement.
Wrote various utility classes to facilitate the proper execution of the orders and automatic notification process, once the order gets placed
Environment: Solaris, EAS, Java, HTML, JavaScript, XMLC, Oracle, iPlanet portal server, SSI, BEA Weblogic, EJBs. 
 
IBM, San Jose, CA*      									      06/98 - 12/98
*Role: Engineer
SCSI Device Driver Development*    
Worked with several SCSI tape devices like 4mm, 8mm, DLT, QIC. Involved in Configuring and testing SCSI devices on UNIX (AIX, HP and Solaris) and PC (OS2, NT) also in monitoring multi-client backups and schedules with ADSM. Involved in setup and configuration of ACSLS and test with ADSM.
Environment: Shell Scripts, Batch jobs, Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, OS2, Windows-NT.

Niti - Telecom Consultants, India*      							      06/96 - 06/97
Role: Software Support Engineer 
Worked as software support engineer. Responsibilities included on-site installation of products, training the clients and providing technical support for the products.

Technical Skills:
Languages:	Java/J2EE, Visualforce, APEX, XML, Struts, XSLT, JavaScript, Perl, JSP, HTML	

Platforms:	HP-9000 workstations, Sun Ultra workstation, IBM-PC, Macintosh	

Systems:	UNIX (Solaris, HP-UX), Linux, Windows NT, Windows 2000, Mac OS X	

Databases:	Oracle 8i/9i, SQL Server 2005, InstantDB, PB 3.0, MS-Access	

Cloud /SaaS:	Salesforce 10, 11.	

Portal / CMS Technologies:	Drupal 6.0, ModX, BEA Weblogic, Plumtree, Vignette Application Portal &amp; Builder, SunONE, iPlanet, TIBCO portal Builder 4.2, 5.0	

Analytics Tools:	Pardot, Google Analytics	

Web Technologies:	Apache, Tomcat, Servlets, EJB, XMLC, IIS, CSS, Lucene, Enact, JDBC, HTTP, SAX, DOM, SOAP	

Middleware	Business Works, EMS (ESB), iProcess Studio, Hawk, Administrator	

Tools:	OpenSTA, LDAP, LDAP Browser, DODS, CVS, WinCVS, TortoiseSVN, StarTeam, GoLive, Make, Ant, Dreamweaver, SecureCRT, Remedy AR, BMC, jQuery, CSS3	

Design &amp; Modeling:	UML and Use Case Modeling, MS VISIO	

IDE:	Eclipse 2.0, 3.0, *	


Organizational Skills:
Full project development life cycle
Team leadership
Business interaction and business requirements analysis from Users and Managers
Document requirements and create detailed design specifications.
Experience in preparing developer guidelines and user guides
Work with users to ensure that development efforts are meeting the users' needs.



  
    administrative
  
  
    Photoshop
  
  
    ADSM
  
  
    ads
  
  
    AIX
  
  
    Ant
  
  
    Apache
  
  
    API
  
  
    approach
  
  
    AR
  
  
    automate
  
  
    automation
  
  
    business processes
  
  
    Business Works
    business works
  
  
    catalog
  
  
    client server
  
  
    CMS
  
  
    com
  
  
    content
    Content
  
  
    CPU
  
  
    credit
  
  
    CSS
    CSS3
  
  
    client
    clients
  
  
    CVS
    version control
  
  
    data migration
  
  
    data modeling
  
  
    Databases
    databases
    database
  
  
    database design
  
  
    direction
  
  
    Documentation
    documentation
  
  
    DOM
  
  
    Dreamweaver
  
  
    e-commerce
  
  
    Eclipse
    Eclipse 2.0
  
  
    e-mail
  
  
    Engineer
    engineer
  
  
    EJB
  
  
    features
  
  
    fetch
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Fireworks
  
  
    FTP
  
  
    functional
  
  
    GoLive
  
  
    Hewlett Packard
    HP
  
  
    HP-UX
  
  
    HP-9000
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    HTTP
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    IDE
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    iPlanet
  
  
    ITIL
  
  
    Java
    Java 1.1
    Java 1.5
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaBeans
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    JDBC
  
  
    JMS
  
  
    Languages
  
  
    LDAP
  
  
    Team leadership
    Team Lead
  
  
    Linux
  
  
    logic
  
  
    Macintosh	

Systems
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    Memory
  
  
    Access
    access
    MS-Access
  
  
    Microsoft Excel
  
  
    Power Point
  
  
    Publisher
  
  
    Windows
    windows
    Windows operating systems
  
  
    Windows 2000
  
  
    NT
    Windows-NT
    Windows NT
  
  
    Middleware
  
  
    migration
  
  
    Modeling
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    Network
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    next
  
  
    OS
    operating system
  
  
    Oracle 9
    Oracle
  
  
    DBA
  
  
    developer
  
  
    PL/SQL
  
  
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    Organizational Skills
  
  
    OS2
  
  
    page
  
  
    Page Layout
  
  
    IBM-PC
  
  
    PERL
    Perl
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    problem analysis
  
  
    product manager
  
  
    project development
  
  
    Project Management
  
  
    promotion
  
  
    Prototyping
  
  
    quality
  
  
    QA
  
  
    real time
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirements analysis
    requirements gathering
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SAN
  
  
    scheme
  
  
    SCSI devices
    SCSI
  
  
    servers
  
  
    Servlets
  
  
    scripts
    Shell Scripts
    shell scripts
  
  
    Siebel
  
  
    SOAP
  
  
    Sun Solaris
    Solaris
  
  
    MSSQL
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    SSI
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    Struts
    struts
  
  
    Sun
    Sun Microsystems
  
  
    System Analysis and Design
  
  
    technical support
    software support
  
  
    TIBCO
  
  
    Tomcat
    tomcat
    Tomcat 4.2
    Tomcat 5.5
  
  
    training materials
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    UML
  
  
    UNIX
  
  
    UNIX Shell Scripts
    UNIX shell scripts
  
  
    Upgrades
    upgrades
  
  
    User Interface
    user interface
  
  
    Vignette
  
  
    VISIO
  
  
    web-server
    web-servers
    Web server
    web server
  
  
    website
    web content
  
  
    Weblogic
  
  
    XML
  
  
    XSLT
  


