
Becky Overby
207 Davis Road,
Big Spring, TX, 79720
Ph- 432-213-1899, 
belyn22@gmail.com 
PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
I am a registered nurse, looking to relocate. I would like to be able to grow professionally as a nurse and make a significant contribution by faithfully executing my job, and seeking a position within a medical health center. I want to start by working PRN and move to a full time position within 4-6 months. I am moving to Denton TX and will be available to start working 042312.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 
Excellent communication skills. 
Knowledge of health care organizations. 
Knowledge of computer software. 
Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. 
Knowledge of human behavior and performance. 
Ability to create a positive working environment that uplifts patient's spirits. 
EDUCATION
Associate of Applied Science -Nursing, Howard College, Big Spring, TX, 2006 

LICENSES / CERTIFICATIONS 
Current Texas Registered Nurse (RN) License 
Certified Hospice and Palliative Nurse (CHPN) 
Current BLS- Adult, Child, Infant
Nursing Experience: 
Registered Nurse (RN), Feb. 2007 - Aug. 2007
Caring Hearts Home Health - Big Spring, TX

Duties: 
Made initial nursing evaluation visit as well as continually evaluated patient's needs.
Initiated, coordinated, documented and revised the treatment and treatment plan
Rendered nursing care such as, performing treatments, IV administration, and wound care and ordered by the physician
Taught and supervised patients and family members in methods of meeting nursing care needs and other related problems.
Performed as case manager for all cases involving nursing and therapy care.
Acted as patient advocate.  Assisted in communicating patient's needs to family and health care professionals.
Communicated effectively to patient, family, team members and other health care professionals to achieve and maintain continuity of patient care.
Provided direction and instruction as it relates to provision of personal care, home health care aides and related support services.
Observed, assessed, and recorded symptoms, reactions, and progress. 

Registered Nurse (RN), Charge Nurse, (ACLS, TNCC) May, 2006 - Feb. 2007
Martin County Hospital, Stanton, TX
Duties:
Assisted physicians during treatments and examinations. 
Develop and managed nursing care plans. 
Administered medications and assisted in convalescence and rehabilitation. 
Instructed patients and their families in proper care. 
Helped individuals and groups take steps to improve or maintain their health. 
Provided practice management support and patient education. 
Acted as a clinical resource to support staff. 
Pre and post op care for minor day surgery, cataract removal
Assisted in colonoscopy and endoscopy procedures
Implement detoxification procedure and deliver appropriate patient care according to withdrawal scale and physicians orders for detox unit
Emergency room care, triage and assessment of injuries, illnesses and emergencies
Assesses patient for readiness for release or transfer to next level of care.


References
Lisa Rackard (432)254-0094
Christian Fair (432)816-3573
Talva Castillo (325)242-0619
Suzanne Reed (940)395-5215
Pam Jordon (940)395-5286




  
    color
  
  
    client
  
  
    decision-making
    decision making
  
  
    direction
  
  
    financial
  
  
    instruction
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Works
  
  
    next
  
  
    nursing
  
  
    problem solving
  
  
    progress
  
  
    quality
  
  
    verbal communication
  
  
    excellent written
  


