
			JACQUELINE N. WITHERSPOON
1031 Belmont Commons Drive, Smyrna, GA  30080  
(H) 347-853-7018
(C) 347-933-9185
jnhosey@hotmail.com
jwitherspoon@doitt.nyc.gov

CALL CENTER PROFESSIONAL

An innovative leader, coach and customer service advocate with a wealth of knowledge and experience in call center management.  Possess solid problem-solving abilities; proficiency in the areas of goal setting, training and performance management. I've achieved success in developing diverse, highly efficient and effective teams capable of achieving business goals. My passion for exceeding organizational objectives and servicing the public is the catalyst for my continued success in the area of customer service. I believe in promoting the mission of the company through policy &amp; procedure facilitation and enforcement in an effort to surpass expectations.

EMPLOYMENT BACKGROUND CORE PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Call Center Management 			Customer Service				Leadership/Business Management	
Performance Management			Training/Staff Development		Business Operations	
Project Management 			Planning/Organization 			Staffing/Scheduling/Productivity Standards	

EMPLOYMENT BACKGROUND

311 Call Center Supervisor									2007 - Present 
Minimize labor costs while providing superior public services scheduling and managing a team of Call Center Representatives (CCR's) and Team Leaders in a 24x7 operation.  
Continuously championed integrity, trustworthiness, professionalism and courtesy in the organizational culture, and partnered with CCR's to infuse those characteristics when adhering to call center policies, procedures and mission.  
Improved performance by utilizing measurement tools, such as Customer Satisfaction Surveys, and assessing CCR call taking skills to gauge areas needing attention.
Applied exceptional customer service and problem resolution skills to engage and calm difficult or problematic customers.  
Streamlined processes and improved procedures after preparing statistical reports that analyzed the quantity, speed and quality of service and recommending enhancements.  
Selected to participate in a variety of special projects, which afforded the opportunity to develop new skills and job knowledge and work in other departments, such as Training, Quality Assurance and the Service Assurance Team.

311 Call Center Supervisor-Service Assurance Team						2010 - 2011
Consistently meet customer service goals and quality standards effectively managing and leading a team of 600 customer service professionals that provides analytical and operational support to the 311Call Center. 
Improved customer service and organizational accountability by merging Operation Support and Workforce Management areas into the Service Assurance Team. 
Skillfully manage costs overseeing the daily support functions of the Call Center, efficiently scheduling staff to meet workload peaks and valleys, reducing/controlling overtime by effective absence management and vacation scheduling.  
Apply strong analytic skills to forecast call volume, performance and workforce requirements for optimal staff scheduling. 
Cultivated collaborative partnerships and effective communication with management to ensure appropriate adjustments are made throughout the day to maintain high quality Call Center performance.
Ensure consistency of operations by continuously updating the SAT procedural manual. 
Improve public outreach and education on Call Center services through development/maintenance of the SAT portal.


BROOKLYN MUSEUM - BROOKLYN, NY								2006 - 2007
The Brooklyn Museum is one of the premier art institutions in the world with approximately 500,000 patron visits a year.

Visitor's Center Supervisor 
Displayed dynamic leadership abilities, professionally serving as point person promoting the delivery of quality customer service and visitor satisfaction through a coaching and development approach when monitoring daily Museum operations.  
Demonstrated exceptional cost control, cash management and performance enhancement abilities, minimizing on labor costs by efficiently scheduling staff, monitoring time and attendance, and enforcing proper cash handling/cash audit procedures.  
Tirelessly worked to improve staff performance and customer satisfaction, completing monthly performance evaluations, making disciplinary recommendations and fostering an open line of communication with management.

LUTHERAN MEDICAL CENTER - BROOKLYN, NY  							2002 - 2006 
LMC is a 476 bed academic teaching hospital.

Concierge
Professionally led the effort to promote the delivery of exceptional patient and visitor service by effectively managing this specialty unit that provided an array of unique services. 
Eagerly promoted customer service throughout the organization by taking initiative to partner with clinical care coordinators, hostesses, medical and dietary staff to meet service goals.
Attended to details when tracking/monitoring program performance and services, completing detailed weekly statistical summaries, updating patient daily tracking information and reconciling patient accounts.  

AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY - NEW YORK, NY					1999 - 2001
AMNH is one of the largest and most celebrated museums in the world, with over 32 million specimens and 4 million yearly visitors.

Visitor Services Supervisor
Provided incomparable visitor services, leading and motivating teams in accordance with museum policies.
 Interviewed/selected highly qualified talent and trained, mentored and developed teams to meet Museum visitor service goals.  Monitored performance based on visitor satisfaction surveys and targeted training to enhance the visitor experience. 
Effectively managed day-to-day activities by preparing daily work assignments, monitoring time and attendance, ensuring observance of appropriate dress code and enforcement of proper cash handling procedures. 
Enhanced staff performance and motivation by conducting performance evaluations and assigning key special projects. 
Adeptly and accurately handled all standard business and financial management operations, including preparing weekly status reports, monitoring the receipt of reserved tickets and finalizing cash audits.

BFFY/PROJECT BRIDGE - BROOKLYN, NY								1996 - 1999
BFFY/Project Bridge provides child care to school aged children.

Assistant to Director
Key contributor to achieving organizational goals by providing superior administrative support and back-up to program Director.  Ensured day-to-day activities were accomplished cost effectively and in accordance with program policies and procedures by providing leadership and direct supervision to administrative staff.

CITY VOLUNTEER CORPS - NEW YORK, NY							1985 - 1995
The New York CVC is the nation's largest urban youth services corps.

Special Projects Coordinator/Trainer								1992 - 1995
Collaborated with the Planning Department, field supervisors and sponsoring agencies to develop and maintain a roster of special projects from which corps members could apply.  
Significantly enhanced/reinforced corps member and staff personal and professional development by conducting several seven-day residential training programs and three-hour classroom cognitive sessions while promoting volunteerism. 

Field Supervisor											1985 - 1992
Ensured projects were completed in a timely fashion, providing direct project supervision to a team of city volunteers.  

EDUCATION
Baruch College - New York, NY
Accepted into Lincoln University, Master of Human Services Program

AWARDS
Mayor's Scholarship Recipient

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office Applications: Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint and Word.
* Call Center Software Applications: NICE, Audiolog, Siebel 7.8, Verint Impact 360, Nortel Networks telephony systems








Jacqueline N. Witherspoon			Page 2






  
    academic
  
  
    administrative
  
  
    administrative support
  
  
    premier
  
  
    approach
  
  
    art
  
  
    back-up
  
  
    Call Center
    call center
  
  
    cash handling
  
  
    cash management
  
  
    coaching
  
  
    cost control
  
  
    Customer Satisfaction
    customer satisfaction
  
  
    customer service
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    fashion
  
  
    financial management
  
  
    government
  
  
    leadership
  
  
    Director
  
  
    managing
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Microsoft Office Applications
  
  
    Outlook
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Word
  
  
    NICE
  
  
    Networks
  
  
    Nortel
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    policies
  
  
    problem resolution
  
  
    processes
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    reconciling
  
  
    SAT
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Siebel 7.8
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    teaching
  
  
    telephony
  
  
    training programs
  
  
    unique
  


