
PAM PURSIFULL
14700 E. 88th Place, North, Apt 1916, Owasso, OK 74055
	pampursifull@cox.net	
Phone: (918) 609-6120
Cell: (918) 899-9766


CONTRACTS MANAGER/CONTRACTS SPECIALIST


Accomplished lawyer and project manager with extensive experience in contract facilitation, transactional management, legal analysis and financial management with industry-leading global corporations.  Managed sub-consultant administration for the City of San Diego's Construction Manager on a $3 billion construction project (Jacobs Engineering).  Record of combining legal expertise and business acumen to the demonstrated benefit of companies.  Administered contracts and grants from initiation through completion for Indian Tribes and nonprofit organizations.  Effective leader with strong communication abilities; trained others in contract terms and conditions.

Skilled in the negotiation, compliance, drafting and management of contracts 
with standard and non-standard terms and conditions:

	Non-Disclosure		Telecommunications		Software Maintenance
	Software Licensing		Hardware Purchasing		Audit Reviews
	Master Purchase		Purchase Order		Foreign Subcontractors

Additional experience in a wide range of areas:
		Subcontracts Admin		Arch RFI, RFQ, RFP		Commodity RRI, RFQ, RFP
		Bid Package Preparation		RFP Evaluations		Project Management
	Budget Package Development		Risk Management		Audits (FAR, DAR)
	Project Reporting		Leasing		Hiring
	Budgeting		Purchasing		Payroll
	Project Closeout		Marketing		Tax Preparation
	Participated in several ISO training workshops and audits.
	Drafting of Resolutions, Ordinances and Environmental Assessments
	Federal and State Funding Proposals (Department of the Interior, Administration for Native  
Americans, HUD, and Department of Labor) - Drafted, negotiated, administered and closed out, including audits. 
Various contract types for commodities, professional services, arch and engineering: FFP, CPFF, CPIF, and FPIF.

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE

MIAMI TRIBAL ENTERPRISES, Miami Tribe, Miami, OK	May 16, 2011 to June 17, 2011
Contracts Manager - Temporary Position

Assist in preparation of response to Sole Source Request for Proposal from DoD - Review contracts and subcontracts.



HIRERIGHT SOLUTIONS, Tulsa, OK                                          October 2010 to February 24, 2011
Contracts Manager - Vendor Desk
Administering, reviewing and facilitating execution of agreements with vendors.
Drafting, reviewing and leading negotiations on all standard and non-standard contracts for various types of vendors used by the company throughout the Nation.
Negotiating legal terms and conditions that mitigated the company's legal and compliance risks while providing vendors with satisfactory solutions.
Developing Vendor Packet for new vendors containing various forms (I9, Non-Disclosure Agreement, Vendor Information and Diversity Certification).


NETAPP (through Volt), Sunnyvale, CA (Contract Position)         January 2010 to April 30, 2010
Senior Sourcing Manager
Procurement, contractual and supplier management responsibilities.
Drafting agreements, Requests for Information, Requests for Proposal and Request for Quotation documentation with minimal direction using traditional or e-sourcing applications. Software IASTA and Emptoris.
Negotiate purchase agreements and statements of work.
Spot issues in contract/SOW language, draft contracts/SOW language to mitigate those issues and communicate issues to Legal and NetApp management.
Work with stakeholders and external suppliers, to craft meaningful SOWs that capture which party will do what, when, in accordance with requirements for payment.
Run competitive sourcing projects for Services, and IT hardware, software and telco requirements.



NEC CORPORATION OF AMERICA, Santa Clara, CA	October 2006 to August 5, 2009
Global heavyweight in the manufacture of semiconductors, with over 24,400 employees worldwide and 2004 sales of nearly $7 billion.
Senior Contract Manager/Attorney
Evaluate license agreements for audit clauses and prepare database of agreements.
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts, including Non-Disclosure Agreements, Master Production and Development Agreements; revise Annual Production Terms.
Prepare subcontracts to reflex terms and conditions of overriding agreement.
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department.
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts with foreign companies and corporate subsidiaries in Japanese for commodities and services.
Draft amendments to generic Purchase Terms and Conditions and various contracts listed above.



VERISIGN (through Sapphire), Mountain View, CA (Contract Position)	March - August 2006
VeriSign is the authoritative directory provider of all .com, .net, .cc, and .tv domain names, and an industry leader in Information Services to globalize access to the Internet. Global leader in internet security. 
Senior Contracts Administrator
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts, including Professional Services Agreements, facilities and construction agreements, Software Licensing Agreements, OEM Agreements, Marketing/Meeting Agreements, most were FFP or T and M.
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts with foreign companies in various languages for various commodities and services.
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department.
Review, negotiate and draft Statements of Work for contracts listed above.
Draft revisions to generic Purchase Terms and Conditions and various contracts listed above.
Draft amendments to various contracts listed above.




NEC ELECTRONICS (through On Call Counsel), Santa Clara, CA (Contract Position)	2004, 2005
Global heavyweight in the manufacture of semiconductors, with over 24,400 employees worldwide and 2004 sales of nearly $7 billion.

Staff Contracts Administrator/Negotiator
Evaluate license agreements for audit clauses and prepare database of agreements.
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts, including Non-Disclosure Agreements, Master Production and Development Agreements; revise Annual Production Terms.
Prepare subcontracts to reflex terms and conditions of overriding agreement.
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department.
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts with foreign companies and corporate subsidiaries in Japanese for commodities and services.
Draft amendments to generic Purchase Terms and Conditions and various contracts listed above.



APPLIED MATERIALS, Sunnyvale, CA	Feb 2000 - Dec 2003
Fortune, Global and S&amp;P 500 corporation; foremost manufacturer of semiconductor production equipment in the world.  

Senior Contract Specialist (Software Licensing, Telecommunications and Professional Services)
Spearheaded procurement and contracting processes for software and telecommunications services and products, from inception through completion.
Negotiated, formulated and managed contracts and subcontracts, including Master Purchase Agreements (Global and Enterprise), and final Purchase Orders.
Developed and implemented strategies, standards, policies and procedures related to the procurement of materials and services, in close coordination with senior management, customers, suppliers and buyers.
Oversaw supply base and conducted audits, surveys and business reviews with suppliers and customers.
Review, negotiate and draft contracts and subcontracts, including Professional Services Agreements, facilities agreements, Software Licensing Agreements, OEM Agreements, most were FFP or T and M.
RFI, RFQ and RFP for various commodities and services such as global rollout of computers and communications equipment-computers ($50M); telecommunications ($60M); software ($20M); software developmental services ($75M). Reverse Auction for computer peripherals ($20M). Professional Services as high as $1500/hr annually for world's leading experts in semiconductor industry. 
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department.
Participated in several ISO training workshops and audits.
Optimized supplier base, generated cost savings initiatives and ensured adequate supply of products to maximize operations.
Performed risk and marketplace analyses; applied results to determine appropriate next steps.
Identified, researched, analyzed and implemented new procurement processes.
Guaranteed continuing success by monitoring purchasing methods and processes for effectiveness.




HP COMPANY (through Procurement Services), Palo Alto, CA (Contract Position)	Oct 1999 - Feb 2000
Top producer of high-tech equipment for enterprise and consumer customers.  #11 on the Fortune 500 list and #68 on the Global 500.

Contracts Manager (Procurement Specialist)
Contributed to the acquisition of Third Party Agreements from Agilent Technologies-contracted IT vendors and suppliers, and provided closure on all designed Third Party Agreements.
Conducted detailed negotiations and follow-ups with vendors and suppliers.
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department.
Collaborated on the preparation of major Requests for Proposal submitted for outsourcing of software-related consulting services, including evaluation of risk management and legal review.
Prepared assignment and cloning agreements by business owners.

Investigated and determined business ownership of a number of HP products and services.
Identified appropriate owners of numerous software licenses, and divided them accordingly between HP and Agilent Technologies


CROWLEY MARITIME (through SK White Consulting), Oakland, CA (Contract Position)	March 1999
Prominent provider of domestic and international transportation services, serving ports in the U.S., Caribbean and Latin America.

Contracts Analyst
Managed all aspects of major Information Systems contracts, including review, analysis, drafting and negotiation of agreements such as telecommunications, software maintenance, software licensing and hardware purchasing, most were FFP or T and M.
RFI, RFQ and RFP for various commodities and services such as global rollout of computers and       communications equipment-computers ($30M); telecommunications ($40M); 
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department.
Monitored and evaluated hardware and software contracts prior to and throughout negotiation process.
Authored Procedures for the Acquisition of Hardware and Software.
Developed database for Information Systems agreements.


JACOBS ENGINEERING (f/k/a Sverdrup Civil, Inc.), San Diego, CA	1992 - 1999
Fortune 500 technical services firm, providing engineering and construction services for diverse industries, as well as Federal aerospace and defense contracts.

SubContracts Coordinator
Assistant EEO and Labor Compliance Project Manager
Oversaw implementation of contract with City of San Diego for $400M for construction management of new sewer system in San Diego County.  Construction cost of over $3 Billion paid by EPA and Bonds.
Administered work for 35 sub-consultant firms consisting of more than 200 professionals, including modification of contracts and subcontracts; development of task orders and change orders encompassing over 200 control numbers.
Liaison between subcontractors, program management, customers, legal department and finance department for all contracts and subcontracts and all financial matters.
Oversaw implementation of the EEO and Labor Compliance program.
Coordinated and tracked contracts through spreadsheets detailing all project and task numbers, consultants, and related invoices, billings and payments.
Choose qualified subcontractors, suppliers and engineers and developed new supply sources were       vendors were found to be not qualified because of bonding or other issues.
Monitored subcontractor's performance (cost, invoicing practices and performance).
Established and managed a list of project and control numbers for over 100 projects, pre-, post- and during construction.
Processed direct financial expenditures and managed resubmission of disallowables for payment following FAR policies.



EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA, Norman, Oklahoma
Juris Doctor
Honors: Managing Editor, American Indian Law Review
UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA, Norman, Oklahoma
Bachelor of Science


TRIBAL AFFILIATION

&#188; Blood Cherokee Indian, No. C000970


BAR MEMBERSHIPS


State of California










Page 1 of 5




  
    .net
  
  
    billings
  
  
    Bonds
  
  
    com
  
  
    commodities
  
  
    competitive
  
  
    computer peripherals
    Hardware
    hardware
  
  
    consultant
    consulting
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    database
  
  
    direction
  
  
    documentation
  
  
    Drafting
    drafting
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    finance
  
  
    financial
  
  
    forms
  
  
    HP
  
  
    hr
  
  
    Information Systems
  
  
    internet security
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    ISO
  
  
    Japanese
  
  
    languages
  
  
    Latin
  
  
    Legal
    legal
  
  
    Marketing
  
  
    materials
  
  
    access
  
  
    Negotiating
    negotiation
    negotiations
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    next
  
  
    policies
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Procurement
    procurement
  
  
    producer
  
  
    program management
  
  
    Proposal
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    RFI
  
  
    RFP
  
  
    risk management
  
  
    sales
  
  
    San
  
  
    spreadsheets
  
  
    telecommunications
  
  
    tv
  
  
    transportation
  
  
    workshops
  


