
	 	 Patrick Martin
8800 Canary Ave                                                                                                                        
Fountain Valley, CA 92708                                                                                   
Cell (714) 472-9910
Email: pmartin3030@gmail.com


SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
Proven ability to prospect, manage pipeline, qualify and close B2B and B2C sales. 
Ability to manage pipeline via Excel spreadsheets.
7 years experience working in telesales with 4 years experience in online media, advertising, and real estate.
Strong knowledge in the following areas: foreclosures, agent advertising, and lead aggregation consulting.
Proactive with understanding of working in a phone metrics driven environment.
Very strong relationship building skills over the phone while also having experience in heavy transaction-oriented sales environments.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Italian Suits 4 Men - Huntington Beach, CA                                          2006-2007 

Outside Sales Consultant
I prospected for new clients in order to sell men's clothing too. Italian Suits 4 Men is a small company that has been in business for the past 25 years. Much of the business is repeat customers and word of mouth.  I reported directly to the owner.
Made approximately 10-15 stops per day and spoke with approximately 30-45 customers per day.
Attended networking groups in order to get my company name out there and gain new business.
Products sold included men's suits, shirts, ties, slacks, belts, and shoes.
Daily interaction with the owner of the company
Always achieved sales expectations.

Marriott Vacation Club International, - Santa Ana, CA                          2004-2006

Telemarketer
I called upon people that had an interest in taking vacations with the Marriott. MVCI was a call center for the Marriott that employed hundreds of employees in order to help grow the Marriott brand. Marriott is one of the largest and most trusted names in the hotel industry.
Made approximately 100 outbound calls per day.
I would close multiple deals per day on average. 
Always achieved phone times and sales quotas.

EDUCATION:
B.A. Degree in Criminal Justice
Presidential Honor Roll in last semester 2007
Member of the Criminal Justice Association












  
    book
  
  
    call center
  
  
    CA
  
  
    consulting
  
  
    clients
  
  
    Italian
  
  
    materials
  
  
    meetings
  
  
    word
  
  
    networking
  
  
    purchasing
  
  
    real estate
  
  
    sales
  
  
    strategic
  
  
    phone
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    training programs
  


