
Joseph (Joe) L. Kepiro

6404 Woodward Ave.
Email: Joe.Kepiro@yahoo.com
Manteca, CA 95337	
           Phone:  (209)-479-0935


CAREER PROFILE

Hands-on Plant Breeder / Pre-Breeder: with molecular genetics training.  Experienced in field evaluations, phenotype collection, data management and analysis.  Demonstrated ability developing screening methods to obtain data critical for molecular analysis.  A change agent adept at training individuals of an organization to ensure deliverables are produced on time and within budget.  Proven ability to think strategically and implement tactfully to achieve success within the constraints of available resources. 


KEY QUALIFICATIONS


Goal Oriented 
Excellent Communication Skills 
Problem Solving Skills 
Well Organized
Training / Coaching
DNA / RNA Analysis
Innovative / Resourceful
Team Player
Statistical Analysis


Professional Experience

CONAGRA FOODS, INC; Oakdale, CA							     2009	 

Agricultural Research Manager (seasonal)
Managed the Agricultural Research department in Oakdale, CA (consisting of 14 employees) during the 2009 season.  Member of the Research Quality and Innovation team.   Participated in planning and supervision of development and application work.  Conducted new variety evaluations and prepared recommendations 
Negotiated repair and construction contracts for experimental and electronic equipment installed in the Pilot Tomato Peeler Plant
Conducted interviews and hired 12 seasonal employees in conjunction with corporate HR department
Trained seasonal employees in sampling and data collection protocols


BAYER CROPSCIENCE LP; Research Triangle Park, NC					     2008

Registration Manager, USA
  
Prepared a submission to the EPA for an Experimental Use Permit for transgenic cotton containing Bt proteins Cry1Ab, Cry2Ae.  Filed ePermit applications with USDA-APHIS for importation of seeds, plants and plant material.  Consulted with the FDA concerning commercialization of transgenic canola.  Traveled internationally to work with other Bayer regulatory personnel.  

Prepared and submitted EUP (experimental use permit) applications to the EPA for transgenic cotton.
Reviewed the Environmental Assessment (EA) published by the USDA-BRS in response to Bayer CropScience's petition for deregulation of Glyphosate tolerant cotton.  Prepared talking points for, and counter arguments to potential negative public comments.  


UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (ARS), Beaumont, TX	      2003 - 2007

Molecular Geneticist (Post-doc)
Conducted a molecular genetic analysis of milling yield in progeny of long grain rice cv. Cypress by phenotyping and generating AFLP and SSR markers by PCR.  Mapped molecular markers and QTL positions.  Created stepwise regression models of traits involved with milling yield of rice.  Initiated the purchase, testing and implementation of image analysis hardware and software that increased the degree of detail to which rice kernels could be phenotyped.  Wrote protocols that allowed generation of uniform data while screening kernel characteristics related to milling yield. 
Mapped Molecular Markers and Identified QTLs markers
Used forward regression statistical analysis in evaluation of rice milling yield
Initiated the purchase, testing and implementation of image analysis equipment
Developed a protocol that reduced labor needed to evaluate milling yield by ~50% 


UNIVERISITY OF CALIFORNINA, Riverside, CA					        1997-2003

Graduate Student Researcher (Studying Apomixis)
Phenotyped multiple BC populations.  Tested and improved protocols for multi-plexed PCR enabling medium-high throughput marker generation and screening.  Constructed a genetic map from ~ 700 AFLP markers.  Cloned markers into E. coli.  Sequenced inserts using a Li-Cor 4200 sequencer.  Screened a BAC Library using 32P labeled probes.  Extracted RNA and purified mRNA to generated dscDNA, then performed Expression Analysis by cDNA-AFLP.

Identified markers linked to apomixis (nucellar embryony) using bulked segregant analysis
Cloned AFLP markers linked to major and minor QTLs of nucellar embryony
Sequenced up-regulated and unique transcripts in plants with nucellar embryony at 10 DAA 


OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY, Central Point, OR					        1995-1997

Agronomy Research Technician II
Worked to develop Alternative Crops involving fiber and oils.  Prepared, planted, and irrigated plots, applied fertilizer and pesticides, collected samples, recorded data and performed harvests of various alternative and traditional row crops.  Operated farm equipment including tractors with implements, harvesters, trenchers, and sprayers.  Designed and set up experiments and trials.  Held an Oregon State Pesticide Applicator's and Consultant's license.  Conducted herbicide trials to establish agronomic practices for new alternative crops.  Utilized seed separating equipment.

EDUCATION

Ph.D. Plant Genetics and Plant Breeding
University of California; Riverside, CA

Bachelor of Science, Botany/Plant Biology
University of Washington; Seattle, WA

Associate of Arts
Spokane Falls Community College; Spokane, WA

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Management:
Conduct interviews to hire employees
Review performance of employees and provide feedback for improvement
Provide recognition of employees whose performance is exemplary
Initiate mentoring and disciplinary action to correct subpar employee performance.

Molecular Techniques:
DNA and RNA extraction and purification 
Molecular Markers: PCR, SSRs and Genomic AFLP, RT-PCR, cDNA-AFLP (EST's)
Sequencing, Cloning and BAC Library Screening
Bulked Segregant Analysis (for efficient identification of markers linked to traits)

Software:
Microsoft Word Office suite including Access, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Genetic Analysis software including Li-Cor Saga, JoinMap, MapQTL, and Windows QTL Cartographer
Statistical Analysis programs including JMP and SAS analyst, Minitab and StatView
Image Analysis software including Adobe Photo Shop and WinSeedle 

Awards and Other Honors:
USDA-ARS "Superior Performance Award 2005 Rating Period" and Spot Award for development and implementation of protocols expanding the research capabilities of the Rice Research Unit
United States Marine Corp Certificate of Commendation and Meritorious Unit citation 
Future Farmers of America:  Placed first at the Eastern Washington Crops judging contest



  
    Adobe Photo Shop
  
  
    analyst
  
  
    BC
  
  
    CA
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    data collection
  
  
    database
  
  
    EUP
  
  
    HR
  
  
    Image
    image
  
  
    indexing
  
  
    Innovation
  
  
    materials
  
  
    mentoring
  
  
    Access
    Access database
    Microsoft Access
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    Office suite
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    Windows
  
  
    Word
    Microsoft Word
  
  
    Minitab
  
  
    PCR
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    protocols
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    Receiving
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    RT-PCR
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    Shipping
  
  
    Statistical Analysis
    statistical analysis
  
  
    supervision
  
  
    unique
  


