
Gary O. Gunkel

Resume

Gary O. Gunkel
18893 Coolwater Lane, Huntington Beach, CA 92648
Work: (714) 896-1352
Home: (714) 841-0931
Cell: ((714) 330-4428

EXPERIENCE 

Over twenty years of Scheduling and Project Management experience in leading teams toward the completion of large-scale projects, developing program plans, schedules, budgets, and earned value management and reporting progress.  Current SSBI and Department of Defense Top Secret Clearances.

SPECIAL SKILLS

Strong leadership and business background including team building and motivation, project management, project planning, and cost schedule compliance. 
Outstanding communication, negotiation, and organizational skills. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS

IBM/Apple Computers: Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office Tool Suite. 
Project planning, flow-charting, data mapping. 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST LEVEL 5	05/07 - 08/08

Program: National Systems Activities
Oversee the work of thirteen people assigned to the project and others representing functional support activities, such as planning, budgeting, scheduling and EVMS. 
Report to and consult with senior level management. Apply judgment to complex planning, design, technical and management functions. 
Lead and direct all phases of assigned projects. 
Ensure individuals are executing tasks and provide tracking and reporting per plan. 
Oversee projects, ensuring status and progress reports meet enterprise standards.
Developed baseline and forecast efficiency metrics.
Create Stoplight charts for program baseline scheduling and award fee milestones.
Develop Critical Chain Methodology by introducing Schedule Margin into the Integrated Master Schedule.

Mentor project teams regarding possible work-around, recovery plans, and work scope changes. 

Consult with senior management, project sponsor and other stakeholders regarding the   interpretation of work-around, recovery plans, and any work scope changes. 

Provide guidance to project stakeholders prior to creating and revising a baseline project plan, i.e. cost schedule baseline changes.  
Provide guidance lessons learned, historical and forecast data to perform trend, earned value and variance analyses. 
Analyze integrated project data for an understanding of project impact items (e.g., trade-offs among cost, schedule, quality and risk) and advise on course of action. 
Authorize work-around plans, schedules recovery plans, alternative options or scenarios, resource capacity plans, risk mitigation plans or project re-baselining.
Develop mechanisms for establishing, monitoring and integrating project elements, product configuration and communications concerning both change management processes and decisions by Project Managers, Business Managers and stakeholders.
Provide monthly and quarterly gate month processing.

INTEGRATED SCHEDULING SPECIALIST 5 LEAD ANALYST	09/02- 05/07	

Programs:  A160 Hummingbird, X48b Blended Wing Body and Orbital Express

Led the team that created the Integrated Master Schedule resulting in a completely integrated process that linked all elements of the aircraft from design, procurement, fabrication, assembly, ground based testing through flight-testing. 
Developed the schedule process metrics so that the stakeholders could see how the various areas in the program were progressing, i.e. Critical Path, BCWS &amp; BCWP.
Developed the Integrated Master schedules, BCWS loads and weekly BCWP files.  Both BCWS and BCWP were used for the EVMS system.
Developed, implemented, and maintained the Orbital Express Integrated Master Schedule project leadership and oversee projects from inception to completion. 
Managed cost and schedule baseline and made recommendations for mitigating risk.
Interfaced with government representatives, major sub-contractors, and internal/external customers. 
Developed solutions and actions to scheduling concerns.
Provided performance briefings to DARPA, NASA, military personnel, government representatives, Program Management, major sub-contractors.
Advised Program Manager and IPT Leads on the criticality of program events.
Advanced technical experience in Project Integration and critical path analysis. 


EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS 

UCLA;  21st Century Leadership Program - Certification in Leadership.
University of California Irvine: Project Management Certificate Program - Certified Project Manager.
University of La Verne, La Verne CA: Bachelor of Science, Business Management.
California State University Fullerton: American Production and Inventory Control Society (APICS).
Project Management Institute (PMI) - Active member.














  
    Apple Computers
  
  
    assembly
  
  
    budgeting
    budgets
  
  
    change management
  
  
    charts
  
  
    senior management
  
  
    FAST
  
  
    flow-charting
  
  
    functional
  
  
    government
  
  
    GPS
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IMS
  
  
    interpretation
  
  
    Inventory Control
  
  
    Leadership
  
  
    Mentor
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    Microsoft Project
  
  
    enterprise
  
  
    Open Plan
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    processes
  
  
    procurement
  
  
    Program Management
  
  
    progress
  
  
    Project Management
    project leadership
  
  
    Project planning
  
  
    Proposal
  
  
    quality
  
  
    Express
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    trend
  


