
Curriculum Vitae
Surbhi Chhabra
3245 Bishop Street, Apt#24* Cincinnati, Ohio-45220* Cell-513-680-3848* surbhichhabra@gmail.com
Job Objective
To work in a challenging environment that helps me grow professionally and develop interpersonal and research skills while applying learning in a variety of hands-on experiences. Ambitious student with strong laboratory skills and impressive research experience.

Qualification Overview

Well-qualified and technically-proficient Scientific Officer with one year of experience of working in an Oncology laboratory. 
Substantial experience in sophisticated research techniques and technologies: Western Blotting, ELISA, transport study of various cancer drugs, cell cytotoxicity studies, cell culture and maintenance of different cell lines.
Organized, take-charge professional with exceptional follow through abilities and detail orientation; able to plan and oversee projects from concept to successful conclusion. 
Expertise in lab and field research, data collection/analysis and project management. 
Experience working with cross-functional scientific and research teams.

Education and Training 
	
M.S. Nutritional Sciences, University of Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S.				2009-2012 
(Currently working on Research Thesis)
M.S. Biochemistry, University of Mumbai, India.					2006-2008
B.Sc. Life Science &amp; Biochemistry, University of Mumbai, India.			2003-2006
	
Training Program in Specialized Aspects of Biotechnology (Certificate Program): 		2006
Attended program conducted at Institute of Chemical Technology (Formerly UDCT), University of Mumbai, covering : Basics, Tools &amp; Applications of Bioinformatics
Hands on Experience on the following Techniques:
Fluorescence Insitu Hybridization (FISH) using centromeric, locus specific and telomeric probes.
Immunocytochemical test for fragile X mental retardation protein.
Various molecular techniques including DNA extraction and PCR.
Observer for the demonstration of						2007
(At National Institute for Research in Reproductive Health, Genetic Research Center- Mumbai.)
Electron Microscopy
Flow Cytometer
DNA Sequencing 
Confocal Microscope







Professional Experience

Full time Work Experience
Scientific Officer                    					                      2008-2009

Panacea Biotec Labs, Mumbai, India.

Worked in Biology research laboratory at the GRAND (Global Research and Development).
Hands on experience on cytotoxicity studies with cancer cell lines.
Transport Study of various cancer drugs using the same cell lines.
Performed ELISA using EIA kit.
Estimation of proteins done using Western Blotting.

Computer Skills

SAS Statistical Software, SPSS, MS Office 2000, MS Office XP, MS Office X, and General Internet skills.
Social Work and Extracurricular Activities
Volunteer in Blood Donation Camps &amp; Medical Camps at Xavier's College / NGOs (2003-2006).
Have worked for underprivileged people and street kids at the community center in the city (Mumbai, India) for a NGO Support (2008).
Have been volunteering at the St.Vincent De Paul at the West End of Cincinnati for the last one year; helping them set up their food pantry and providing Nutrition Counseling (2010-present).
Serving as the International Ambassador at the University of Cincinnati, helping in with International admissions and queries.
 
References
Available upon request.



  
    EIA
  
  
    ELISA
  
  
    http
  
  
    Instructor
  
  
    Internet skills
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    MS Office 2000
  
  
    PCR
  
  
    Research
    research
  
  
    SAS
  
  
    SPSS
  
  
    tutoring
  
  
    Western Blotting
  


