
KAREN HERNANDEZ						    	         		 (951)813-5522
42348 Westar Court ~ Murrieta, CA 92562			    	       
Email: k.hernandez2@verizon.net
	
SKILLS									    				         
Venipuncture Procedures	                 	Butterfly Techniques		        Skin Puncture Procedures
Universal Precautions	    		Specimen Labeling		        Quality Assurance
Patient Identification			Specimen Transport		        OSHA Guidelines	  
Specimen Transport			Blood Composition		        Claims Completion   
Patient Identification			CPR/BLS Certified		        Specimen Transport
Medical Terminology			Insurance Terminology	        ICD9 &amp; CPT Coding
Medisoft					Microsoft Office		        QuickBooks	
Quicken					WordPerfect			        Typing 50+ wpm     
Accounting 				Bookkeeping			        Collections

CAREER OBJECTIVE											
To obtain a position as a Certified Phlebotomist that utilizes my work experience and education with the opportunity to develop new skills within an organization that offers potential growth

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY					    					            
Appreciation Ambassador
Duties include:  Recognize and assist with donor reactions.  Interpersonal contact and routinely communicate with donors.  Greet donors and distribute donor gifts and promotional items.  Converse with donors and ensure each donor is valued for their service.  Maintain ample supply of refreshments for donors.  

Westcliff Medical Laboratories/Labcorp 	                                                                              8/2011 - 08/2011
Phlebotomist - Externship
Duties included:  Venipuncture blood draws using, vacutainer system, syringe and butterfly techniques.  Performed capillary skin punctures, and urine collection on patients of all ages.  Properly identified each patient, processed and labeled specimens, as well as verified insurance requirements.  Centrifuged necessary specimens and disposed of sharps/waste disposal accordingly.  Practiced infection control and universal precautions.  
  
REO Properties								       		              05/2009-08/2010
Independent Contractor
Duties included:  Routine and emergency assignments to inspect subject properties, review condition of properties and damage sustained to subject property, review neighborhood conditions of properties.  Gather photographs and information on the property and neighborhoods and download property information into software.  Complete inspection summary and track associated mileage, expenses and accessed properties.

US Appraisers									  	           03/2006 - 10/2008
Accounting Specialist/Real Estate Appraiser
Duties included:  Accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, collections, review sales contracts, reconcile bank statements and maintain work files.  Interface with city and county personnel, homeowners, real estate brokers, realtors and loan officers.  Create Operating Income Statement within the appraisal report.  Measure and sketch subject property floor plans, while acquiring general and interior inspection information for appraisal report.  Ensure guidelines are maintained by the Uniform Standards of Appraisal Practice and lending institutes.  Research and incorporate comparable properties within the appraisal report

Morrow Management									            11/2002 - 10/2005     
Accounts Project Manager
Duties included:  Maintain, coordinate and process progressive billing on a monthly basis, as well as collect on aged accounts.  Research and process utility contracts, fees and invoices.  Interface with civil engineers, utility companies, subcontractors and homebuilders to ensure a smooth process.  Coordinate and manage 30 projects simultaneously, prepare and maintain each project's budget.  Prepare proposals and redline designs, submit and process plans to various cities, counties and municipalities.  

Karen Hernandez's Resume
Page 2


EDUCATION BACKGROUND					    					        
U.S. Colleges 										    			    Certificate of Completion in Basic &amp; Advanced Didactic Phlebotomy ~ 	

Mt. San Jacinto											    
Completed Medical Coding and Billing Curriculum ~ 	
Real Estate Property Management Certificate of Completion ~ 	

Bunker Hill Community College			  					    	       
Associates Degree in Liberal Arts ~

								       
CERTIFICATES/LICENSES						    					 
Nationally and State Certified Phlebotomy Technician I
Nationally Certified Medical Coding and Billing Specialist
California Real Estate Appraiser License
Real Estate Salesperson's License    
Notary Public
Certified Loan Signing Agent							      							      



  
    Accounting
  
  
    accounts payable
  
  
    Accounts receivable
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    Billing
    billing
  
  
    Bookkeeping
  
  
    budget
  
  
    Interpersonal
  
  
    contracts
  
  
    CPR
  
  
    CPT Coding
  
  
    Insurance
    insurance
  
  
    Medical Terminology
  
  
    Medisoft
  
  
    Microsoft Office
  
  
    payroll
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    Phlebotomy
  
  
    Coding
  
  
    Property Management
  
  
    proposals
  
  
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    QuickBooks
  
  
    Quicken
  
  
    Real Estate
    real estate
  
  
    Research
  
  
    sales
  
  
    San
  
  
    Typing
  
  
    WordPerfect
  
  
    Composition
  


