
Frank J. Galan
9792 Woodworth Court Wellington, FL 33414
(H) 561-798-7308 * (C) 908-391-7673 * fgalan27@gmail.com 
http://www.linkedin.com/in/frankjgalan

PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW: 
Accomplished client facing technical professional with 20+ years of IT experience including guiding teams through software development, from requirements gathering and analysis to design, development, quality assurance testing, user acceptance, implementation and stakeholder support.  Managed diverse groups, performed Business Analysis, Quality Assurance Management, Project Management, system analysis, architecture, design and development of custom enterprise business system solutions using Microsoft and Java technologies. Recognized by managers and peers for ability to exceed project goals, group motivate, problem solve, push projects to completion, and fulfill clientele expectations.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Management:	Client Facing, Quality Assurance Manager, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Technical Team Leader, Cross Functional Team and Outsourcing Coordination.

Computer Language:  ASP, ASP.Net, VB.Net, C#, 2003,2005, Visual Basic 6, HTML, DHTML, XML, CSS,
 			        Transact-SQL, Java, JavaScript, JSP, J2EE, PL-SQL, knowledge of C++, C, Perl

Database Systems:      MS SQL Server 6.5, 7 &amp; 2000, 2005 Oracle 8i &amp; 9i, MySQL

Operating Systems:     Windows XP, 7 and Servers, SUN Solaris, Unix

Development Tools:   MS ASP, ASP.Net 2003, 2005, Visual Studio 5, 6; Java SunOne Studio 4
 		                    CE, JCreator, WinSQL, Weblogic 5.1 &amp; 7.0, PUTTY, WinCVS, CVS, ANT, Defect
                                       Tracking Software, Javadocs, TopLink, IIS, Transact SQL, Query Analyzer,
 	                                 Quest SQL Optimizer, MS Enterprise Manager, Internet Information
 			       Systems Manager, SourceSafe, Paint Shop Pro, XML Spy, ERWin, Visio/UML

Training and 	       .Net course training 2003, 2005, Microsoft MCSD certification 1999, Certifications:	       Sun Microsystems Java/J2EE course training, JSP/Java/J2EE OTJ,
 			       classroom, and course training, classroom and OTJ training in 
                                        VB 5.0-6.0, SQL Server and Active Server Pages development.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:

IBM Global Services (Acquisition of Americas Systems / Maersk Data USA Inc.)     8/1999 - 4/2010
Business Analyst/System Analyst/Senior Software Engineer/Systems Architect
Technical Team Lead/Designer/Developer/ IT Specialist

Lead Projects Overview:
In a customer facing capacity lead diverse teams through successful B2B application initiation, requirements gathering, application architecture, development, QA, user acceptance and production deployment of mission critical Microsoft and Java applications .

- Analyzed Business requirements, developed use cases, specified hardware, and led team in creation of a C# and VBScript.Net nationwide OLTP order system. Worked on rates implementation, scheduling, product management, XML legacy system integration, order creation, invoicing, managing allocations, tracking, and identifying/implementing performance improvements

- In a team environment led analysis and development of enhancements for a mission critical Java/JSP/J2EE application performing requirements gathering, analysis, design and implementation of enhancements including XML application integration.

- Interfaced with clients, gathered requirements, architected, designed, specified hardware requirements and led development and implementation of a business critical B2B Global OLTP application. Re-architected an ASP/DCOM/COM/C++ system and implemented code in compliance with best practices and integrated security requirements of digital certificate, proxy server and firewall.  Also, suggested, designed and implemented application enhancements.

- Completed development of a business critical web based Java/JSP/J2EE application adding invoicing, miscellaneous charges, business rules modules, and enhancement of other functionalities including XML legacy application integration, meeting client requirements leading to user acceptance and application deployment on time and within budget. Provided application support for the system based on client needs and required general system maintenance.

- Gathered requirements, designed, architected and developed, a nationally deployed B2B ASP/COM/C++ web based application which automated a paperless B2B process, beginning with vendor service acceptance, review, approval, invoicing, and payment for services. Application interface via electronic data interchange or a secured web based user interface. This application completely replaced a paper system which required a series of fax, Federal Express, manual review, and duplicate data entries, and facilitating payment of invoices which had otherwise been delayed several months. This resulted in a significantly reduced cost of doing business for the client, better turnaround times, and improved working relationships with their vendors.

- Analyzed, designed and developed a cross browser compatible, Active Server Pages/IIS/Oracle database driven web application for providing services to the military. The application features business to business vendor solicitation processing including proposal downloads, managing submissions and award information, and the ability to complete and submit job applications over the internet. The application functionality includes the ability for administrators and company managers to dynamically update major portions of the website including managing their Solicitation and Bidding process, Frequently Asked Questions, Quality and Safety information, and daily news via a secured web based back office implementation.

- Analyzed business needs, gathered requirements, architected, designed, developed, and implemented a Jobs Posting application for a Human Resources department. This application has a Visual Basic front end for database management, an Active Server pages user interface, and a SQL Server database back end. The application is used by the Human Resources group to manage and post job listings, which can be queried and viewed by users who are then able to apply directly for job postings via the web.

- Conceived of, architected, developed, and implemented a fully configurable active server pages Security Module which featured the ability to grant page level and page element permissions. This reusable module was used for asp based web applications implementing ID/Password security. This reusable plug-in resulted in reduced development time and costs, higher profit margin due to reusability, and simplified ID/Password security implementation. 

- Developed a Visual Basic application to process payroll with the ADP payroll service; automated and configured the ADP upload process to eliminate transcription errors occurring during manual payroll processing and facilitated timely transmission of payroll data.

- Assisted in the analysis and development of a certificate secured ASP/IIS/SQL Server web application portal site; developed functionality for users to create, edit and review cargo bookings, provide cargo tracking including integration with legacy systems; supervised and supported other developers and contractors in completion of their tasks.

- Received multiple Commendation awards from IBM in recognition of meeting client expectations, on time under budget delivery, work efforts exceeding expectations, and meeting business objectives.

Broden Inc., Consulting firm Specializing in Developing	1999	
Software Solutions and Providing Consulting Services to Fortune 500 Clients
System Analyst/Software Engineer/Systems Architect/Consultant

 - Provided consulting services and project development for fortune 500 companies, including project initiation, design, architecture and hardware specification, software development, customer acceptance, and assisting team members in fulfilling project requirements.

- Enhanced an application on-site for a California client using Java, JavaScript, SQL Server, and database synchronization for a Sales Force Automation project during a three month time period.

- Developed and enhanced a nationwide resource/marketing program for a major industry client using Visual Basic 5.0 &amp; 6.0, and SQL Server.

McLaren Hart, Global Leader in Consulting for Chemical and	1994-1998
Pharmaceutical Industries
Laboratory Manager/Software Engineer/QA Manager

- Resource allocation, cost analysis and project budgeting.

-Obtained certifications and regulatory approvals for analytical testing of the first NJ State Certified Mobile Laboratory. Working directly with regulators, implementing NJ State and Federal Regulations, application of Quality Assurance methodologies, knowledge of New Jersey State and Federal regulations and attention to detail, was able to accomplish this first in the State of NJ achievement for this worldwide chemical and pharmaceutical industry consulting firm. This resulted in the ability to locate a dedicated certified laboratory on-site facilitating analysis turnaround time, increasing profits while reducing wait time expenses for the client.

- Performed Quality Assurance assessment of data in the Czech Republic over a six month period. Worked directly with the client, regulators, and laboratory personnel at their Czech Republic facility evaluating the accuracy of analytical laboratory data; uncovered data discrepancies and had them rectified. Assessed the data to produce accurate Quality Assurance reports for all analyses. Received a commendation for my persistence, work ethics and dedication.

- Developed and enhanced applications to generate statistics, automated data gathering and reporting, and instituted quality assurance operating procedures in compliance with Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) standards.

DuPont, Global Chemical Products Company	1992-1994
Quality Assurance Manager/Project Manager/Software Engineer

- Managed implementation of QA program and project workflow.

- Acquired governmental certifications for the laboratory based on experience with subject matter, team building, knowledge of certification regulations, implementation of those regulations, working with regulators, and conveying required regulatory project and quality assurance requirements to management and team members.

- Created and implemented standard operating procedures in an analytical laboratory environment. Led software development effort to meet governmental compliance requirements for regulatory certifications and approvals for analytical testing.

- Proven record in meeting regulatory requirements and generation of data consistent with those requirements through software automation of testing procedures, data analysis, and implementation of Standard Operating Procedures.

EDUCATION: 

Bachelor's of Arts:  Chemistry, with a concentration in computer programming.	Rutgers University Diploma:  Computer Programming, Honors Program Participant, 1999	The Chubb Institute Diploma:  Advanced Programming Techniques and Technologies, Top of Class.	SetFocus LLC
Accreditation: 	Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer Certification 1999
	Java/J2EE Certificate 2003

SPOKEN LANGUAGES:

English:	Fluent Native Speaker, Technical Level Reading and Writing
Spanish:	Basic to Intermediate Speaking and Reading
Russian:	Basic Speaking and Reading












		1 of 4



  
    ASP.Net
    VB.Net
    .Net
  
  
    Active Server Pages
    Active Server pages
    active server pages
  
  
    ADP
    ADP payroll
  
  
    ANT
  
  
    ASP
    asp
  
  
    attention to detail
  
  
    Automation
    automation
  
  
    B2B
  
  
    Basic
  
  
    budgeting
    budget
  
  
    Business Analyst
  
  
    C
  
  
    C++
  
  
    COM
  
  
    hardware
  
  
    Consulting
    consulting
  
  
    cost analysis
  
  
    CSS
  
  
    Client
    client
    Clients
    clients
  
  
    CVS
  
  
    Czech
  
  
    data analysis
  
  
    database management
    Database
    database
  
  
    DCOM
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    DHTML
  
  
    edit
  
  
    electronic data interchange
  
  
    English
  
  
    ERWin
  
  
    fax
  
  
    features
  
  
    firewall
  
  
    Functional
  
  
    GLP
  
  
    HTML
  
  
    Human Resources
  
  
    IBM
  
  
    IIS
  
  
    Information
 			       Systems
  
  
    invoicing
  
  
    Java
  
  
    JSP
  
  
    JavaScript
  
  
    LANGUAGES
  
  
    team building
    Team Leader
  
  
    managing
  
  
    marketing
  
  
    C#
  
  
    Microsoft Certified
  
  
    MCSD
  
  
    office
  
  
    MS SQL Server 6.5
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Windows XP
  
  
    MySQL
  
  
    Enterprise
  
  
    Operating Systems
  
  
    Oracle database
  
  
    Developer
  
  
    PL-SQL
  
  
    Oracle 8i
  
  
    page
  
  
    Paint Shop Pro
  
  
    payroll
    payroll processing
  
  
    Perl
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    product management
  
  
    profit
  
  
    Computer Programming
    Programming
  
  
    project development
  
  
    proposal
  
  
    proxy server
  
  
    Speaker
    Speaking
  
  
    Quality
  
  
    quality assurance
    QA
    Quality Assurance
  
  
    Express
  
  
    Quest
  
  
    Reading
  
  
    reporting
  
  
    requirements gathering
  
  
    Russian
  
  
    Safety
  
  
    Sales
  
  
    scheduling
  
  
    Servers
  
  
    software development
  
  
    SUN Solaris
  
  
    SourceSafe
  
  
    Spanish
  
  
    specification
  
  
    SQL Server
    SQL
  
  
    statistics
  
  
    Sun Microsystems
  
  
    system integration
  
  
    technical analysis
  
  
    Transact SQL
    Transact-SQL
  
  
    transcription
  
  
    transmission
  
  
    UML
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    user interface
  
  
    VBScript
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    Visual Basic
  
  
    Visual Basic 5.0 &amp; 6.0
    VB 5.0-6.0
    Visual Basic 6
  
  
    Visual Studio 5
  
  
    web applications
  
  
    website
  
  
    Weblogic 5.1
  
  
    XML
  


