
TOBY E. NEMIROFF                                                                         
Brooklyn, NY 11201          
E-mail: tobyen@yahoo.com
Home: (718) 797-2451, Cell: (917) 446-0853         linkedin.com/pub/toby-nemiroff/7/306/6a3



                                                       PROFILE:
Award-winning, results-oriented Business Analyst with significant experience in systems design, development, training and
technical writing in a Healthcare Payor setting. Expert in EDI, HIPAA compliance, systems integration and data conversions.
Embraces challenge with enthusiasm.
Areas of Expertise:
              o   Functional and technical specifications, SQL data modification and user documentation
              o   Systems conversions and interfaces
              o   Software requirements analysis and solution design
              o   Healthcare Claims, Providers, Utilization Management
              o   Process redesign
              o   Project management and systems implementation,
                  software development life cycle (SDLC) policies and procedures
              o   Systems presentations and End-user training for new customers and users.
              o   Quality control and assurance

                                         APPLICATIONS/ENVIRONMENTS:
Facets | X12 EDI (Healthcare) | VisualCactus | ClaimFacts | MS Windows | MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project) |
Visio | SQL | DBArtisan | MS SQL 2000/2005/2008 | Visual SourceSafe | GroupFacts | NetworX | QNXT | XML | Mac OS X |
COBOL | C++ | TOAD | Unix | Macess | Ingenix Webstrat|

                              EMPLOYMENT HISTORY AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Technical Analyst,
1199SEIU Benefit and Pension Funds,                                                                                    2007
    Developed logical and functional requirements specifications for software releases related to provider data management,
    Electronic Data Interchange, and healthcare claim adjudication operations for a major Taft Hartley benefits trust.
    o Consolidated five separate provider data sources, partnering with business user organization, to implement
        enterprise-level provider data repository and its custom configuration. Result: Languishing project brought to
        successful live processing with data in one central repository accessible to other systems.

Senior Business Analyst/Project Manager,
MultiPlan, Inc.,                                                                                            2005 &#173; 2007
    Developed and implement technical solutions and functional requirements specifications for software releases related to
    Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) and healthcare claim repricing operations for the leading independent provider
    network serving hospitals, physicians, insurers, TPAs, HMOs and self-funded plans.
    o Managed new client EDI implementation projects to successful live production, having developed improved
        implementation support materials. Result: MultiPlan has realized increased revenue with decreased administrative
        expense due to automation of the repricing process with electronic claims.
    o Project manager for company-wide implementation of the National Provider Identifier, a HIPAA requirement.
        Result: MultiPlan proprietary systems have been enhanced to comply with this federal regulation.
TOBY E. NEMIROFF                                                                            
Brooklyn, NY 11201           
E-mail: tobyen@yahoo.com
Home: (718) 797-2451, Cell: (917) 446-0853          linkedin.com/pub/toby-nemiroff/7/306/6a3




Business Analysis Specialist,
The TriZetto Group,                            Enterprise Software Division (formerly Erisco, Inc.)              2000 &#173; 2005
    Developed logical and functional technical design specifications for Facets HIPAA Gateway, a client-server-based
    enterprise software product, architected on a relational database design with graphical user interface, browser and web
    service components. With the development team, effected enhancements, fixes and provided support for complex
    users. Coordinated accurate implementations of EDI processes with insight obtained as member of ASC X12 national
    standards setting organization.
    o Appointed HIPAA Champion in January 2001. Integrated compliance, product development and customer relations
         activities in support of corporate regulatory compliance strategy. Assured the division's internal compliance, product
         readiness, and customer education so that TriZetto's Enterprise Software division meets regulatory requirements,
         from both organizational and product standpoints.
    o To expand on TriZetto's HIPAA product offerings, and to address a market need, initiated and developed original
         concept for what has become the Facets HIPAA Privacy System. Result: TriZetto presently markets the Facets
         HIPAA Privacy System as an add-on module, and realizes additional revenue from sales.

Product Specialist,
Erisco, Incorporated,                                                                                          1990 &#173; 2000
    Developed logical and functional technical design specifications for Facets client-server and ClaimFacts mainframe
    enterprise software products, including enhancements and fixes. Led design, development and implementation of non-
    core and custom systems, EDI applications, conversions and interfaces for client-server and mainframe platforms.
    Supported complex users, including on-site and remote troubleshooting.
    o Designed and implemented provider batch import subsystems for both mainframe ("XP") and client-server ("XP/F")
         platforms, addressing the need to integrate provider data from a variety of sources and maintain currency.
    o Reengineered Erisco's approach to check extract offerings, permitting customers and business partners (e. g., ABF,
         Inc.) to benefit from a consistent, comprehensive and maintainable extract dataset.

Prior Experience
Manager, Insurance Administration, Ogden Allied Services,
Product Implementation Consultant, Erisco, Incorporated; a Dun &amp; Bradstreet subsidiary,
Project Manager, Healthcare Cost Containment Division, Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States
Customer Reports Consultant, Group Administration Department, Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States
Publications &amp; Administration Specialist, Group Benefits Department, Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States

                                PROFESSIONAL ACCREDITATION AND AWARDS:
                 Member of ANSI ASC X12 EDI Designated Standards Setting Organization, 1992-2005
                                        TriZetto Superior Service Award, 2004
                    Erisco Associates Committed to Excellence (ACE) Awards, 2000, 1999 (x2), 1998
                         Dun &amp; Bradstreet Corporation Chairman's Discretionary Award, 1992
                              Dun &amp; Bradstreet Corporation Customer Focus Award, 1991
                                  Microsoft Project 2003 White Belt certification, 2006


                                                       EDUCATION:
                  B. A., Anthropology, Brooklyn College of the City University of New York
                  Graduate course work (Education) at Long Island University, Brooklyn College







  
    administrative
  
  
    Application Development
  
  
    approach
  
  
    automation
  
  
    Benefits
    benefits
  
  
    business analysis
  
  
    C++
  
  
    client-server
  
  
    COBOL
  
  
    concept
  
  
    Consultant
  
  
    client
    customer relations
  
  
    data entry
  
  
    data management
  
  
    product development
  
  
    Diagnosis
  
  
    Electronic Data Interchange
    EDI
  
  
    Functional
    functional
  
  
    Gateway
  
  
    graphical user interface
  
  
    ABF
  
  
    Mac OS
  
  
    mainframe
  
  
    managing
  
  
    market
  
  
    materials
  
  
    Excel
  
  
    MS Office
  
  
    PowerPoint
  
  
    MS Windows
  
  
    2000
  
  
    Word
  
  
    Enterprise
    enterprise
  
  
    network
  
  
    organizational
  
  
    policies
  
  
    presentations
  
  
    pricing
  
  
    processes
  
  
    Project management
  
  
    Publications
  
  
    QA
    Quality control
  
  
    relational database design
  
  
    requirement
  
  
    requirements analysis
  
  
    sales
  
  
    SDLC
  
  
    software development
  
  
    Visual SourceSafe
  
  
    MS SQL
    SQL
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    user training
  
  
    user documentation
  
  
    TOAD
  
  
    troubleshooting
  
  
    Unix
  
  
    Visio
  
  
    XML
  


