
Glenn R. Filippone
Scarsdale, NY  10583
(917) 499-5100  - goflip@aol.com


Executive Summary:
Experienced operations executive with client facing leadership skills for end-to-end project management.  Proven supervisor expert in building strong relationships with multiple stakeholders to provide integration solutions of centralized content platform.  Possess sophisticated understanding of digital media production with broad knowledge of technology, content aggregation systems and emerging communication channels.  Comfortable and effective within complex project environments managing client expectations up to the executive level while ensuring timely execution of operational objectives.

Career History
	10/98 - 10/10	
Vice President, Production ALM, Inc., New York, NY. 
ALM is an integrated media company that specializes in providing information to the legal sector in a variety of formats.  They employ over 800 publishing professionals in 9 regional offices.  

Major Responsibilities:
* Provide thought leadership, project management and real-time execution on mission-critical initiatives alongside top management across all divisions.  Develop overall product strategy to maximize revenue and manage to financial / operating objectives.  Establish and maintain appropriate communications between various functional areas within the product area of responsibility.

* Developed and implemented digital standards for traditional and automated production.  Collaborated with business and editorial leaders to create flexible NITF schema and electronic delivery rule sets.

* Managed staff of 16 print and web production professionals across several ALM divisions and locations. Responsible for $12 million printing and $4 million annual prepress budgets for 5 New York based divisions. Maintain corporate oversight for manufacturing and content distribution of 9 regional newspapers. 

* Managed content publishing operations for corporate portfolio of monthly magazines, newspapers, newsletters, supplements, reference titles and directories for print and digital distribution.  

* Developed and implemented best practices to ensure state-of-the-art support of brand enhancement initiatives in concert with marketing business leaders throughout the ALM portfolio of products and services.

Significant Accomplishments:
	* Created and managed centralized content production operation across multiple locations.  Integrated several 	independent workflows into an open source standardized process resulting in cost and efficiency savings. 

	* Directed the transformation of legacy composition system to print-on-demand workflow for the Law Journal 	Press book division.  Saved $150 - $200M annually in shipping, warehouse storage and handling fees.
	
	* Defined scope and managed the successful company-wide implementation of digital publishing system that 	enhanced forms of digital distribution including: e-book, e-zines, e-newsletters and mobile delivery platforms.




Glenn R. Filippone	Page 2


7/94 - 10/98
Production Director - Cherry Lane Magazines, Inc., New York, NY
Cherry Lane Magazines is a privately held company that manages the rights to popular songs and Broadway 	shows.  The Bertelsmann Music Group (BMG) has purchased them.

Responsible for manufacturing 4 monthly titles and all promotional material.  Liaison between Editorial, Music, Advertising, Circulation, and Art departments.  Supervise art department personnel, assign projects, review color and make modifications.  Manage networked computers and supervise MIS consultant.  	



Prior to 1994 
Account Executive - Essex Computers, Inc., Clifton, NJ 
Market extensive prepress product line including Imagesetters, Scanners, Workstations, Color proofers
And Laser printers. Participate in trade shows and on site demonstrations.  Market software training,
Network maintenance service and support contracts.

Account Executive - Seybert Nicholas Printing Corp., Inc., New York, NY
Responsible for customer contact &amp; production of accounts ranging from magazines, advertising agencies and national direct mail campaigns. 

Production Manager - Fine Arts Reproductions, New York, NY
Responsible for all customer contact for this trade prepress house.  Worked directly with clients making
color correction and page layout recommendations. 
					
Various duties at Eureka Photo Offset Inc., New York, NY, a family-owned union printing company.
Learned plant operations, union employee management, P&amp;L responsibility, traditional film prepress and
production from an owner's perspective.  


	Specialties
	Digital Media, Operational Leadership, Brand Enhancement, Client Engagement, P&amp;L Responsibility, 	Budgeting and Forecasting, EBITDA Improvement, Strategic Planning, Content Management, Thought 	Leadership, New Business Development, Inventory Management, Contract Negotiation, Technology 	Evaluation, Cost Reduction, Digital Asset Management, Process Improvement and Staff Development.

Education: 	
2000	M.S. Publishing - Pace University 
1990	B.S. Graphic Communications Management - New York University 

Professional 		Member MPA, ABM, P3
Affiliations		Speaker - MPA seminar: The basics of magazine production
			Member - ABM production/manufacturing technology committee

Awards			Named as B-to-B Magazine "Top Innovator", Production Executive, 2009


P&amp;L
















  
    Photo
  
  
    Advertising
    advertising
  
  
    Art
    art
  
  
    Asset Management
  
  
    book
  
  
    Budgeting
    budgets
  
  
    Color
    color
  
  
    consultant
  
  
    content
    Content Management
  
  
    Contract Negotiation
    contracts
  
  
    Cost Reduction
  
  
    Client
    clients
  
  
    delivery
  
  
    direct mail
  
  
    editorial
    Editorial
  
  
    film
  
  
    financial
  
  
    Forecasting
  
  
    forms
  
  
    functional
  
  
    Inventory Management
  
  
    Laser printers
  
  
    Leadership
    leadership
  
  
    Law
    legal
  
  
    employee management
  
  
    marketing
    Market
    Marketing
  
  
    MIS
  
  
    Network
    networks
  
  
    New Business Development
  
  
    newsletters
  
  
    newspapers
  
  
    page layout
  
  
    personnel
  
  
    prepress
  
  
    Press
  
  
    Process Improvement
  
  
    project management
  
  
    real-time
  
  
    Scanners
  
  
    shipping
  
  
    software training
  
  
    Staff Development
  
  
    strategy
  
  
    Strategic Planning
  
  
    trade shows
  
  
    web production
  
  
    workflow
  
  
    composition
  


