DESCRIPTION
Job Summary:
Salesforce.com IT is hiring for your dream job. IT @ Salesforce.com is looking to effectively double the size of its engineering teams that support Employee Success business processes as we prepare for growth and explore new business models.

Why Salesforce.com IT: We build teams that are smart, creative and fun. We work hard and play hard and believe that each individual can make a difference. Continuous personal and professional development of each individual is core to our high performing organization.

About salesforce.com
Salesforce.com is the global leader in customer relationship management (CRM) software. We pioneered the shift to cloud computing, and today we’re delivering the next generation of social, mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell, service, market and innovate–and become customer companies. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World’s Most Innovative Company according to Forbes and one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our “more human, less corporate” culture is built around doing work that matters, winning as a team and celebrating success. Join the #FutureForce team as an intern or a new college grad and get on the path to your #dreamjob.

QUALIFICATION
As a software engineer in IT, you will have a significant impact in one of the following areas:

Web Development – Help deliver the technology behind our public-facing website. You will work directly with your internal customers and many partners and vendors to create technical solutions that will help drive revenue generation. You will develop secure, standards-compliant HTML4 and HTML5 pages and modules, using JSP, Javascript (jQuery), CSS2 and CSS3.

Application Development – Help create, troubleshoot, maintain and improve amazing applications that run salesforce.com business processes using Java (SE & EE), Force.com PaaS, Salesforce.com API framework and 3rd party APIs. 

Middleware Development –Help deliver world-class integrations on our best-of-class integration platform that will be used by our internal development community to access enterprise data throughout our company. You will create SOAP and REST-based service interfaces using MuleSoft’s Mule Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) platform, Java, XPath and XSL/T to deliver fast, reliable, and scalable integration code. Your contribution to the integration platform will directly impact mission-critical integrations and business processes that run our business. 
Required Skills:

BS or MS in Computer Science, Information Systems or related technical field
Academic, professional or internship experience with Java
Coursework or understanding of object-oriented programming/design
Coursework or understanding of database concepts and data modeling
Curiosity and desire to learn and excel at new technologies and tools
Excellent verbal and written technical documentation skills

Desired Skills:

Web Development using JSF/JSP, HTML, CSS and Javascript
Web services development using SOAP, REST
Salesforce products (Sales Cloud/Service Cloud)
Force.com platform (APEX, Visual Force)
XPath , XSL/T, and JUnit
Open APIs, such as Google, Facebook, and Twitter
Working in an Agile/Scrum software development environment